Menu Menu World U.S. Election 2024 Politics Sports Entertainment Business Science Fact Check Oddities Health Newsletters Video Photography Climate Personal Finance AP Investigations Tech Lifestyle Religion AP Buyline Personal Finance AP Buyline Shopping Press Releases ... World Israel-Hamas War Russia-Ukraine War Global elections Asia Pacific Latin America Europe Africa Middle East China Australia U.S. Election 2024 Election Results Delegate Tracker AP & Elections Global elections Politics Joe Biden Election 2024 Congress Sports MLB NBA NHL NFL Soccer Golf Tennis Auto Racing 2024 Paris Olympic Games Entertainment Movie reviews Book reviews Celebrity Television Music Business Inflation Personal finance Financial Markets Business Highlights Financial wellness Science Fact Check Oddities Health Newsletters Video Photography Climate Personal Finance AP Investigations Tech Artificial Intelligence Social Media Lifestyle Religion AP Buyline Personal Finance AP Buyline Shopping Press Releases Search Query Submit Search Show Search Menu Tesla stock Ezekiel Elliott Suzanne Morphew autopsy Campus protests Israel—ICC Menu Menu World U.S. Election 2024 Politics Sports Entertainment Business Science Fact Check Oddities Health Newsletters Video Photography Climate Personal Finance AP Investigations Tech Lifestyle Religion AP Buyline Personal Finance AP Buyline Shopping Press Releases ... World Israel-Hamas War Russia-Ukraine War Global elections Asia Pacific Latin America Europe Africa Middle East China Australia U.S. Election 2024 Election Results Delegate Tracker AP & Elections Global elections Politics Joe Biden Election 2024 Congress Sports MLB NBA NHL NFL Soccer Golf Tennis Auto Racing 2024 Paris Olympic Games Entertainment Movie reviews Book reviews Celebrity Television Music Business Inflation Personal finance Financial Markets Business Highlights Financial wellness Science Fact Check Oddities Health Newsletters Video Photography Climate Personal Finance AP Investigations Tech Artificial Intelligence Social Media Lifestyle Religion AP Buyline Personal Finance AP Buyline Shopping Press Releases Search Query Submit Search Show Search Donald Trump Hush money trial Trump hush money trial highlights: First week comes to an end Defense lawyers in Donald Trump’s hush money criminal trial are poised to dig into a former tabloid publisher’s accounts of how he worked to protect the Republican’s 2016 presidential campaign. Trump’s lawyers try to discredit testimony of prosecution’s first witness in hush money trial Key moments from landmark Supreme Court arguments on Trump’s immunity claims Rooting for Trump to fail has made his stock shorters millions Charges against Trump’s 2020 ‘fake electors’ are expected to deter a repeat this year Trump investigations tracker See where the cases against former President Donald Trump stand Read more The Latest: Supreme Court arguments conclude in Trump immunity case What to know in the Supreme Court case about immunity for former President Trump Judge in Trump’s classified files case agrees to redact witness names, granting prosecution request Donald Trump has posted a $175 million bond to avert asset seizure as he appeals NY fraud penalty Election 2024 FILE - This combination of photos shows Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis speaking on July 17, 2023, in Arlington, Va., left, and former President Donald Trump speaking in Bedminster, N.J., June 13, 2023. Trump met privately with DeSantis over the weekend, according to two people familiar with the discussion, marking a detente between the former rivals after a brutal primary contest marked by insults and bruised egos. (AP Photo, File) Trump and DeSantis meet to make peace and discuss fundraising for the former president’s campaign Former President Donald Trump met privately with Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis over the weekend, marking a détente between the former rivals after a brutal primary contest marked by insults and bruised egos. MORE COVERAGE Have you heard the one about Trump? Biden tries humor on the campaign trail This congresswoman was born and raised in Ukraine. She just voted against aid for her homeland South Dakota governor, a potential Trump running mate, writes in new book about killing her dog Donald Trump is running against Joe Biden. But he keeps bringing up another Democrat: Jimmy Carter Joe Biden wins Democratic primary in Puerto Rico Republicans seeking Georgia congressional seat debate limits on abortion and immigration More coverage of Donald Trump Prosecutors at Donald Trump’s hush money trial zero in on the details Donald Trump’s hush money case resumes Tuesday with testimony from Gary Farro. He’s a banker who helped Trump’s former attorney Michael Cohen open accounts. Chants of ‘shame on you’ greet guests at White House correspondents’ dinner shadowed by war in Gaza A glitzy election-year roast by President Joe Biden drew journalists, celebrities and politicians — but also hundreds of protesters against the war in Gaza. Inside the head-spinning week of Donald Trump’s legal drama Donald Trump’s criminal trial began in earnest with opening statements and testimony. But the unprecedented moment of a former president standing trial unfolded this past week amid a crescendo of developments in other legal cases. Utah GOP picks Trump-backed mayor as nominee to replace Sen. Mitt Romney, but primary foes await The Utah Republican Party has selected Trent Staggs as its nominee to replace Mitt Romney in the U.S. Trump promised big plans to flip Black and Latino voters. Many Republicans are waiting to see them Donald Trump has promised big plans for recruiting voters in Black, Latino and Asian communities. But five months before the first general election votes are cast, the former president’s campaign has little apparent organization to show for those ambitions. Former Rep. Peter Meijer ends his longshot bid for the GOP nomination in Michigan’s Senate race Former Rep. Peter Meijer has withdrawn his name from a U.S. Senate race in Michigan. Meijer was seen as a longshot to win the Republican Party’s nomination after voting to impeach then-President Donald Trump in 2021. Charges revealed against a former Trump aide and 4 lawyers in Arizona fake electors case Authorities have revealed the conspiracy, fraud and forgery charges that were filed against an ex-aide of former President Donald Trump and four attorneys in Arizona’s fake elector case. Judge upholds disqualification of challenger to judge in Trump’s Georgia election interference case A judge upheld the disqualification of a candidate who had had planned to run against the judge presiding over former President Donald Trump’s 2020 Georgia election interference case. President Joe Biden says he’s ‘happy to debate’ Donald Trump. Trump says he’s ready to go President Joe Biden says he is willing to debate Donald Trump later this fall. Biden’s comment Friday is the most definitive he’s been on whether he would debate his presumptive Republican opponent. Trading Trump: Truth Social’s first month of trading has sent investors on a ride With Donald Trump facing dozens of federal criminal charges and hundreds of millions in legal expenses, Trump Media & Technology Group Corp. went public on the Nasdaq exchange March 26. Trump downplays deadly Charlottesville rally by comparing it to campus protests over Gaza war Donald Trump on Thursday claimed a 2017 white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia was “nothing” compared to the college campus protests that have sparked around the country over the Israel-Hamas war. These people were charged with interfering in the 2020 election. Some are still in politics today As Donald Trump seeks a return to the White House, criminal charges are piling up for the people who tried to help him stay there in 2020 by promoting false theories of voter fraud. First with Trump, now with Kamala Harris: Kim Kardashian is advocating for criminal justice reform Kim Kardashian has joined Vice President Kamala Harris for a roundtable highlighting the administration’s efforts on criminal justice reform. Judge reject’s Trump’s bid for a new trial in $83.3 million E. Jean Carroll defamation case A federal judge in New York has rejected Donald Trump’s request for a new trial after a jury awarded $83.3 million in damages to a longtime magazine columnist who sued the former president for defamation. The National Enquirer was the go-to American tabloid for many years. Donald Trump helped change that Catch and kill. Checkbook journalism. Secret deals. Testimony by former National Enquirer publisher David Pecker during former President Trump’s hush money trial has been shocking even for people who bring a healthy degree of skepticism whenever they read the supermarket tabloid. Hungary’s Orbán urges European conservatives, and Trump, toward election victories at CPAC event Hungary’s nationalist prime minister has called for right-wing forces to take power in upcoming European and U.S. elections, and expressed support for former President Donald Trump in his ongoing criminal trial. Biden celebrates computer chip factories, pitching voters on American ‘comeback’ President Joe Biden has arrived in New York state to celebrate a tech company’s plans to build a campus of computer chip factories made possible in part with government support. Ex-tabloid publisher testifies he scooped up possibly damaging tales to shield his old friend Trump The former publisher of the National Enquirer testified at Donald Trump’s hush money trial about going to great lengths to help shield his old friend from potentially damaging stories. Supreme Court seems skeptical of Trump’s claim of absolute immunity but decision’s timing is unclear The Supreme Court seems highly skeptical of former President Donald Trump’s claim of absolute immunity from prosecution. Arizona indicts 18 in election interference case, including Giuliani and Meadows An Arizona grand jury has indicted former President Donald Trump’s chief of staff Mark Meadows, lawyer Rudy Giuliani and 16 others in an election interference case related to the 2020 presidential vote. To pass Ukraine aid, ‘Reagan Republican’ leaders in Congress navigated a party transformed by Trump Providing Ukraine with weapons and other U.S. aid as it fends off a Russian invasion is rooted in the earliest and most formative political memories of the two top Republicans in Congress. Biden picks up another big union endorsement, this one from building trades workers The North America’s Building Trades Unions has endorsed President Joe Biden. It adds to Biden’s roster of support from organized labor. Investigator says Trump, allies were uncharged co-conspirators in plot to overturn Michigan election A state investigator in Michigan says he considers former President Donald Trump and some key allies to be uncharged co-conspirators in a scheme to claim that he had won Michigan in the 2020 election. About 1 in 4 US adults 50 and older who aren’t yet retired expect to never retire, AARP study finds About one-quarter of U.S. adults age 50 and older who aren’t yet retired say they expect to never retire and 70% are concerned about prices rising faster than their income. Some Nikki Haley voters are hanging on to her candidacy and, like her, refuse to endorse Trump When Nikki Haley suspended her presidential campaign, she refused to endorse Donald Trump for the 2024 Republican nomination — and apparently so did some of her supporters in Pennsylvania. What to listen for during Supreme Court arguments on Donald Trump and presidential immunity The Supreme Court will hear arguments over whether Donald Trump is immune from prosecution in a case charging him with plotting to overturn the results of the 2020 presidential election. What a TikTok ban in the US could mean for you After years of attempts to ban the Chinese-owned app, including by former President Donald Trump, a measure to outlaw the popular video-sharing app has won congressional approval and is on its way to President Biden for his signature. Millions more salaried US workers are set to be eligible for overtime pay starting July 1 The Biden administration has finalized a new rule set to make millions of more salaried workers eligible for overtime pay in the U.S. North Carolina man sentenced to six years in prison for attacking police with pole at Capitol A North Carolina man who became a fugitive after a federal jury convicted him of assaulting police officers during the U.S. Trump meets with a senior Japanese official after court session in his hush money trial Former President Donald Trump is meeting with another foreign leader while he’s in New York for his criminal hush money trial.
IE 11 is not supported. For an optimal experience visit our site on another browser. SKIP TO CONTENT Donald Trump Latest news and analysis on former President Donald Trump. Trump Trials Politics News White House Congress Getty Images 2024 Election Trump meets privately with former GOP rival Ron DeSantis Alamy Trump on Trial David Pecker testimony at Trump trial reveals the seedy underbelly of his tabloid journalism Getty Images Trump on Trial What you missed on Day 8 of Trump's trial: New witnesses and contact info for Stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal LATEST TRUMP NEWS Jeenah Moon / Pool via AFP - Getty Images Trump on Trial Longtime Trump assistant and bank executive each take the stand in hush money trial Andrew Caballero-Reynolds / AFP - Getty Images Joe Biden Biden says he would be 'happy to debate' Trump Jane Rosenberg / Reuters Trump on Trial Trump trial highlights: Former Trump assistant testifies about Stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal Timothy A. Clary / Pool via Getty Images Trump on Trial Witness at hush money trial details deals with Playboy model and porn actress 'to protect Donald Trump' TOP VIDEO Nightly News Biden slams Trump at White House Correspondents’ Dinner, Trump swiftly reacts Nightly News Biden tells Howard Stern he is "happy to debate" Trump POLITICS NEWS Jabin Botsford / The Washington Post via Getty Images file Hunter Biden Lawyers for Hunter Biden plan to sue Fox News 'imminently' Emily Elconin / Bloomberg via Getty Images file 2024 Election Biden and Trump supporters sharply divided by the media they consume Justin Sullivan / Getty Images file OUT Politics and Policy Five Republican-led states sue over Biden’s new Title IX transgender protections Yuki Iwamura / AP file News Far-right news network OAN retracts article about Michael Cohen and Stormy Daniels See All More news Trump on Trial 4d ago Trump on Trial Celebrity stories buried and disputes over paying a porn actress: What you missed on Day 7 of Trump's trial Former National Enquirer publisher David Pecker returned to the witness stand, detailing how payments were made to a Playboy playmate and a porn star. Trump on Trial 4d ago Trump on Trial Trump hush money trial highlights: David Pecker returns to testify about Playboy playmate payouts Pecker, a former publisher of the National Enquirer, testified Tuesday about how the tabloid fabricated stories to help Trump's 2016 presidential campaign. Supreme Court 4d ago Supreme Court At Supreme Court, Trump lawyer backs away from absolute immunity argument Trump attorney D. John Sauer conceded there are allegations in the indictment that do not involve "official acts," meaning they would not be subject to any presidential immunity. Trump on Trial 4d ago Trump on Trial Trump immunity case highlights: Ex-president's lawyers and DOJ argue before Supreme Court Conservative justices expressed concerns about limiting future presidents while liberals raised worries about Trump's argument for absolute immunity. Supreme Court 5d ago Supreme Court Supreme Court signals further delay in Trump election interference case as it weighs immunity Trump's appeal and the court's handling of it have already delayed a trial. What the court rules — and when — will determine whether the trial can take place before the election. Joe Biden 5d ago Joe Biden White House seizes on Mitch McConnell's remarks that Trump stalled action on border security In a new statement, the White House cited comments by the Senate Republican leader to argue that Trump rejected a compromise on a border deal for political gain. Politics News 5d ago Politics News Trump is among 'unindicted co-conspirators' in effort to overturn 2020 election in Michigan, investigator says A state investigator replied "yes" during a cross-examination Wednesday when asked whether Trump and his allies were uncharged co-conspirators in the Michigan attorney general's "false electors" probe. Trump on Trial 5d ago Trump on Trial 'We will call him President Trump': Defense lawyers vacillate between honorifics Analysis: Trump's lawyers have a tough balancing act between the audience of one at the defense table and the 12 in the jury box. World 6d ago World Trump meets with former Japanese prime minister Taro Aso, a senior figure in the country’s governing party, is the latest U.S. ally seeking to establish ties with the Republican presidential candidate. Trump on Trial 6d ago Trump on Trial Day 6 of Trump's hush money trial focuses on details of 'catch-and-kill' scheme David Pecker, the former publisher of the National Enquirer, described giving directions to implement an agreement with Trump to help his 2016 presidential campaign. Abortion Rights 6d ago Abortion Rights 'One person responsible for this nightmare': Biden pins Florida 6-week abortion ban on Trump The Biden campaign sees Florida's abortion law and a November referendum on the issue as helping the president's chances in a state Trump won in the last two elections. Load More LATEST ON NBC NEWS 2h ago Man accused of kicking bison at Yellowstone is arrested on alcohol charge 3h ago Colorado mom who went missing in 2020 died by homicide, autopsy says 4h ago Prosecutors say they won't retry Arizona rancher accused of killing Mexican man near U.S.-Mexico border 6h ago Former NSA worker gets nearly 22 years in prison for selling secrets to undercover FBI agent 6h ago Jewish and pro-Palestinian students at Columbia University accuse school officials of discrimination in competing complaints 6h ago $1.3 billion Powerball jackpot winner is a Laotian immigrant battling cancer 7h ago For cicadas, it's safety in numbers. Is climate change throwing off their timing? 7h ago Gerard Depardieu to be tried in sexual assaults of 2 women, Paris prosecutors announce 7h ago Shopping Wellness Awards 2024 favorites: Leggings, earplugs and more 8h ago Biden administration to require advanced safety tech on all new cars and trucks 8h ago Goldman Environmental Prize awarded to Latina organizer fighting air pollution crisis 9h ago Jason Kelce to join ESPN after 13-season NFL career 9h ago Shopping We tried the Garmin Forerunner 165 — here are our thoughts 9h ago Matt Gaetz becomes the latest Kevin McCarthy defector to draw a primary challenger: From the Politics Desk 9h ago Peacock raising prices by $2 ahead of the Summer Olympics as streaming wars rage on 9h ago Shopping The best sneakers for wide feet 10h ago Chiefs star Travis Kelce agrees to 2-year extension to remain in Kansas City 10h ago Paramount says CEO Bob Bakish is stepping down, will be replaced by a trio of executives 10h ago George Santos says he will revive his drag queen persona on Cameo 10h ago As home sellers and buyers wait on a Fed cut, here's how mortgage rates have affected the spring housing market
