​ Skip to content PEOPLE Search Please fill out this field. Magazine Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Give a Gift Subscription Get Help Newsletters Sweepstakes Subscribe Entertainment Sports Who Is Charles Leclerc's Girlfriend? All About Alexandra Saint Mleux Formula 1 driver Charles Leclerc was first linked to Alexandra Sant Mleux in the spring of 2023 By Haley Van Horn Haley Van Horn Haley Van Horn is a contributing writer for PEOPLE. People Editorial Guidelines Updated on May 27, 2024 03:38PM EDT Charles Leclerc during previews ahead of the F1 Grand Prix of Australia at Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit on April 07, 2022. ; Alexandra Saint Mleux enters the paddock during practice ahead of the F1 Grand Prix of Mexico at Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez on October 27, 2023. Photo: Kym Illman/Getty Charles Leclerc is making Formula 1 history, and his girlfriend, Alexandra Saint Mleux, is cheering him on every step of the way. The race car driver first caught the attention of F1 fans when he became the youngest member of Ferrari's team in 2019. Since then, he's had a fulfilling career around the oval track — six wins, including a hometown victory at the 2024 Monaco Grand Prix. As for this love life, Charles and TikTok star Alexandra were first spotted together in March 2023. The F1 driver later confirmed their relationship during an interview in May of that same year. So, who is Charles Leclerc's girlfriend? Here is everything to know about Alexandra Saint Melux and her relationship with the F1 driver. She has a popular TikTok account Charles Leclerc and Alexandra Saint Mleux attend a basketball game between the Los Angeles Lakers and the Portland Trail Blazers at Crypto.com Arena on November 12, 2023. Allen Berezovsky/Getty When Alexandra is not at the Formula 1 race track with Charles, she is posting to her TikTok account , which has amassed more than 525,000 followers. She posts different kinds of topics, from makeup videos to baking tutorials. Alexandra also enjoys showing her outfits and beautiful views of Paris and other places she travels. However, there is no trace of Charles on her account and the same can be said for his Instagram . It seems the couple prefer to keep their relationship private. She enjoys art Alexandra may keep her personal Instagram private, but her passion for art history is proudly displayed on a separate account . Her feed is filled with gorgeous pieces she sees in museums or finds online. She also gives descriptions and history of each work in the caption. She and Charles have been linked since 2023 Alexandra Saint Mleux and Charles Leclerc attend a basketball game between the Los Angeles Lakers and the Portland Trail Blazers at Crypto.com Arena on November 12, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. Allen Berezovsky/Getty When keeping up with their favorite Ferrari star, fans noticed Alexandra in the background of a TikTok video taken of Charles at Paris Fashion Week in March 2023. Their suspicions seemed to have been confirmed in May of the same year when Alexandra was seen at the Monaco Formula 1 Grand Prix. She was an official guest with Charles' Ferrari team. Around the same time, he confirmed to Gala France that he was in a relationship during the Monaco Grand Prix press tour. He didn't mention Alexandra by name but stated that he was indeed off the market. She and Charles were first spotted in public together at Wimbledon Charles Leclerc and Alexandra Saint Mleux attend day eight of the Wimbledon Tennis Championships on July 10, 2023. Karwai Tang/WireImage Charles was thrilled to attend the Wimbledon Tennis Championships at All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in July 2023. “I’m really excited to be here and I’m going to see Carlos Alcaraz, who is an incredible player,” he said, per News 18. “I’ve only seen him on the telly and until now. But, for the first time, I’ll be seeing him play in real life, and I’m looking forward to that." A week into the tournament, he was photographed with Alexandra, and although they haven't spoken about their relationship publicly, it was their first outing as a couple. Since then, they have been seen together at several events, including an NBA game in Los Angeles. She supports Charles' racing career Since getting together, Alexandra has supported Charles at nearly every Formula 1 race. In May 2024, she cheered him on at the Miami Grand Prix and the Monaco Grand Prix. Charles placed third and first, respectively. Following the race in Monaco, the couple attended the annual F1 gala dinner alongside Prince Albert II and Princess Charlene of Monaco . Related Articles Meet the Wives and Girlfriends Cheering on the Formula 1 Drivers in Drive to Survive Travis Kelce Takes Dallas, Plus Austin Butler, Ed Sheeran and More Joe Jonas Makes His Departure from the Cannes Film Festival, Plus Viola Davis, Bradley Cooper and More Serena & Venus Williams Take a Sister Selfie at the Met, Plus Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, Sydney Sweeney & More Kim Kardashian Pokes Fun at Tom Brady in L.A., Plus Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Travis Kelce and More Princess Charlene and Princess Gabriella Hit Monaco's Grand Prix Circuit — and So Does Patrick Dempsey! Florence Pugh Waves the Flag at the F1 Grand Prix, Plus The Weeknd, Sarah Jessica Parker and More The Cast of 'Barbie' Has Some Fun in London, Plus Ariana Madix, Damar Hamlin, Miles Teller and More Robert Downey Jr. Spends His Night in Paris, Plus Olivia Rodrigo, Lily Allen and More Love Is Blind Couples Now: Who Is Still Together? Meet the Wives and Girlfriends Cheering on the San Francisco 49ers Sienna Miller and Oli Green Grab Dinner in London, Plus Lori Harvey, Emily Blunt, Nile Rodgers and More Meet the Wives and Girlfriends Cheering on the Kansas City Chiefs Alongside Taylor Swift Kate Middleton Leads the Way at Wimbledon! All the Royal Appearances at the 2023 Tennis Tournament Kevin & Danielle Jonas in N.Y.C., Plus Mary J. Blige, Jennifer Garner, Jamie Lynn Spears and More Shania Twain Sparkles on Stage in Michigan, Plus Gwyneth Paltrow & Apple Martin, Steph Curry and More Newsletter Sign Up Newsletter Sign Up
Skip to content Menu Close Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Fashion Fashion News Accessories Red Carpet Runway Trends Wedding Beauty Beauty News Body Hair Makeup Skincare Life Astrology Health & Wellness Home & Decor Money & Career Sex & Relationships Travel Culture Culture News Entertainment Food & Drink Politics & Advocacy Celebrity Shopping Beauty Fashion Home & Tech Sales Travel Wellness Discount Codes Beauty & Health Fashion Home Lifestyle & Gifts Shoes Tech Travel About Privacy Terms Subscribe Contact Homes Homes To Love Home Beautiful Better Homes and Gardens Hard to Find Your Home and Garden Shop Your Home & Garden Entertainment Now to Love Now to Love NZ Who New Idea That's Life Lifestyle Women's Weekly Women's Weekly Food NZ Woman's Weekly Food Gourmet Traveller Bounty Parents Fashion & Beauty marie claire Elle Beauty Heaven Beauty Crew Girlfriend Search for: View search results Fashion Beauty Life Culture Celebrity Shopping Discount Codes Culture March 22, 2024 Who Is Charles Leclerc’s Girlfriend? Meet Alexandra Saint Mleux The Ferrari star is officially off the market. Kirsty Thatcher Previous Next Print Asides Sign up for our newsletter Want 20% off at Adore Beauty? Sign up to the latest news at ELLE. Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Disclaimer: By joining, you agree to our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Charles Leclerc has had all eyes on him since becoming the youngest driver to join Ferrari’s Formula O ne racing team . The 26-year-old Monégasque driver joined the coveted team in 2019, and has since gone on to win five races, and earn 23 pole positions. With this level of success on the track, naturally, fans of Leclerc have taken an interest in his life away from Formula One . In particular, the driver’s love life has been the subject of much speculation. Unfortunately for those fans dreaming of touring the Formula One circuit on Leclerc’s arm, the Ferrari driver recently revealed he’s been taken off the market. So who is the lady who stole his heart? Below, everything we know about Alexandra Saint Mleux, Charles Leclerc’s girlfriend. Charles and Alexandra. Image: Getty Who Is Charles LeClerc’s Girlfriend, Alexandra Saint Mleux? Charles LeClerc’s girlfriend is Alexandra Saint Mleux, a 21-year-old Art History student from Italy. Rumours of a romance between Mleux and Leclerc first began in March 2023, when eager-eyed fans spotted Mleux in the background of a TikTok video of Leclerc at Paris Fashion Week. Fast forward to May of the year and rumours intensified when Mleux was spotted again, this time attending the Monaco Grand Prix as a guest of Ferrari. Then, following Leclerc’s race, the cute couple were seen holding hands. Shortly after, during the Monaco Grand Prix press tour, Leclerc confirmed the rumours, telling Gala France that he was in a relationship. The genetically blessed couple made their first official outing at Wimbledon , and later that year, Mleux was spotted on a family holiday with Leclerc, his two brothers, and their girlfriends. The cute couple at Wimbledon. Image: Getty Who Else Has Charles Leclerc Dated? Before Mleux, Leclerc was in a relationship with Charlotte Sine, an architecture student who he dated from 2019 to 2022. According to The Sun , the couple met when they were teenagers, and their friendship soon blossomed into a romance. Sine was often spotted supporting Leclerc at the race track, with her final appearance at Abu Dhabi’’s Yas Marina Circuit, about a month before the couple split. Charles and Charlotte. Image: Getty Leclerc took to Instagram in December 2022 to announce the break up,writing, “Hello everyone, Charlotte and I have decided to end our relationship and we remain good friends. We have shared so many great moments and she is and always will be a very special person to me. She is amazing and deserves the best.’ Kirsty Thatcher Asides If she reads, she reads ELLE On sale now Follow us on Instagram to stay updated. follow Where Am I Safe? After The Bondi Junction Attack, I Don’t Know How To Style The Colourful Tights Trend Native ad body. Sponsored by %%sponsor_name%% 7 Leggings With Pockets That Will Change Your Athleisure Game Related stories Celebrity Taylor Swift & Travis Kelce’s Complete Relationship Timeline Did Travis Kelce manifest a relationship with Taylor Swift? See the full timeline of their romance below. Fashion The Most Stylish Men Of 2024 Thank us later. Native ad body. Sponsored by %%sponsor_name%% Culture A Complete List Of Lewis Hamilton’s Celebrity Girlfriends You're welcome!
Skip to content 16 Charles Leclerc Official memorabilia Official merchandise Team Ferrari Country Monaco Podiums 35 Points 1212 Grands Prix entered 133 World Championships 0 Highest race finish 1 (x6) Highest grid position 1 Date of birth 16/10/1997 Place of birth Monte Carlo, Monaco Podcast F1 NATION: Can Leclerc’s Monaco masterclass ignite Ferrari’s title fight? It’s our Monaco GP Review News Leclerc will get even better after lifting ‘weight off his shoulders’ with Monaco victory, says Vasseur News ICYMI: How social media reacted to Leclerc's emotional win on home soil in Monaco News FIA post-race press conference – Monaco Biography Born in the Mediterranean idyll of Monaco, Leclerc arrived in F1 on a tidal wave of expectation. Practically peerless on his way to the GP3 and Formula 2 crowns, he showcased a dazzling array of skills from scorching pole positions, commanding victories – even when his car caught fire twice at Silverstone – to an ability to muscle his way through the pack. Winning back-to-back championships also taught Leclerc how to handle pressure, another useful tool in the big pond of Formula 1 racing. Stepping up to F1 in 2018, Leclerc showed flashes of ballistic pace on Saturdays and racing brilliance on Sundays, dragging his Sauber beyond its limits – and earning himself a money-can’t-buy race seat at Ferrari for 2019, stepping into the shoes of the Scuderia’s last world champion, Kimi Raikkonen. There he immediately put the cat among the proverbial pigeons, unafraid to go wheel-to-wheel with established number one, Sebastian Vettel. A maiden F1 victory at Spa was followed by another a week later on Ferrari’s hallowed home turf of Monza. The tifosi had found another new hero – who then became the first man to out-score Vettel over a season with the Scuderia, a feat he repeated in crushing fashion the following year. The 2020 and ’21 seasons bore little fruit for Ferrari, but Leclerc maintained his resolve to emerge a true title contender in 2022. With three wins, 11 podiums and nine pole positions, he was the only man able to consistently take the fight to champion Max Verstappen - a feat he and the Scuderia were sadly unable to repeat in 2023. Out of the car, Leclerc is modest and thoughtful - but then he is on his own very personal mission. This exciting young talent is racing for his late father Herve and his friend and mentor Jules Bianchi, the F1 driver who died in 2015. On the evidence so far, he is doing them both proud. 1 / 3
Skip to Content Who is Charles LeClerc’s girlfriend? What we know about the F1 star’s relationship There seems to be a new romance in the air... By Sophie Williams Published: 06 July 2023 Dan Mullan // Getty Images Right now, Charles LeClerc is *the* man of the minute in the Formula 1 world. Following his performances in the current F1 season, plus, his track record when it comes to racing, it's no surprise that the 25-year-old has become a major talking point - both in terms of the sport and in his personal life. While the racing star was previously in a relationship with his former girlfriend, internet personality and architecture student Charlotte Sine, Charles is now officially off the market again, thanks to his new rumoured relationship. So, who exactly is his new beau, Alexandra Saint Mleux, and how long have the two reportedly been together? View full post on Instagram Who is Alexandra Saint Mleux? The internet says very little about Alexandra, but we do know that she's 21, is from Italy, but is currently studying Art History in Paris, France. Alexandra has been spotted with the Ferrari driver multiple times, including at the Monaco Grand Prix, where Charles is from. Which has suggested there's a budding relationship between the two... How long have Charles and Alexandra been dating? At the minute, things seem pretty fresh. But we do know - thanks to the Monaco GP - that the two have definitely been together since the end of May. Away from racing, the couple have also been spotted together in Monaco a few more times just hanging out. BSR Agency // Getty Images Does Alexandra have social media? Yes! Alexandra looks to be an avid TikTok user and has a very respectable 61K followers. By the looks of her account, the 21-year-old is already a well-seasoned traveller, too. The majority of her posts consist of stunning views in beautiful locations, from her home country in Italy to her current country of residence, France. Alexandra also has an Instagram page dedicated to her art, under the moniker: @alexandramalenart. Boasting 21K followers, she regularly shares her favourite art and muses - the bio for the page being: "Just a place to empty my camera roll." Related Story Kaia Gerber steals the show at Valentino 🔥 Sophie Williams Freelance Journalist and Copywriter Sophie Williams is a Freelance Journalist and Copywriter, covering everything from Fashion to Entertainment to music, Lifestyle and Features. She has interviewed a range of musical artists and authors including Alyssa Edwards, Courtney Barnett, Confidence Man, The Vaccines, Loyle Carner, Gabrielle, and John Niven, and has written for publications like Metro, Reader's Digest, ITV's Woo! and Vice’s NBGA. She is also working on a book for HarperCollins about Taylor Swift, due to be published in 2024. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Entertainment Meet the dancers from Dancing for the Devil Everything to know about Buying London's Rasa Will The Kardashians have a season 6? Well... Which I Kissed a Girl couples are still together? Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Meet the Love Islanders heading into the villa Love Island's Ekin-Su responds to cheating rumours North West just made her Lion King debut Bridgerton's Claudia Jessie broke her wrist on set Sofia Richie has just given birth to a baby girl! Millie Bobby Brown is a wife!! 👰⛪ Atlas ending explained 270 best truth or dare questions for a bit of spic Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
✕ CHARLES LECLERC OFFICIAL WEBSITE CHARLES LECLERC OFFICIAL WEBSITE PROFILE CHARLES LECLERC
ON THE PERFECT TRAJECTORY A precocious champion with breathtaking talent, Monaco’s Charles Leclerc is pursuing a sensational career in motorsport. He has not stopped developing his innate talent since the earliest days, thanks to his sharp intelligence, a pronounced taste for hard work and an exceedingly likeable personality. Having entered Formula 1 in 2018 with Alfa Romeo Sauber F1, his dream continued in 2019 inside the prestigious Scuderia Ferrari alongside four-time World Champion Sebastian Vettel. Born 16th October 1997, Charles Leclerc collected exploits from an early age in karting. French Champion in 2009, then winner of the Monaco Kart Cup in 2010, the CIK-FIA Academy Trophy and the Junior World Cup in 2011, he continued to shine among the world elite of the discipline until 2013. His rapid rise continued in single-seater from 2014 onwards. Top rookie in Formula Renault in his first season, then in Formula 3 the following year, he raised the pace further in 2016 by winning the GP3 Series before dominating the 2017 season of FIA Formula 2. Spotted by Nicolas Todt in 2010, the All Road Management driver joined the Ferrari Driver Academy in 2016 and made his Formula 1 debut in the process. After a convincing first year with the Alfa Romeo Sauber team, he was chosen in 2019 to drive the new Ferrari SF 90. After 7 pole positions, 10 podiums and 2 victories, Charles finished fourth in the World Championship and extended his contract with Ferrari until 2024. The 2020 season was below Charles’ expectation as he could jump on the podium on two occasions only, finishing 8th in the drivers’ classification. In 2021, the Monegasque driver secured two more pole positions and a podium. HISTORY CAREER Karting from 2005 to 2013 2009 Youngest F rench C hampionship winner in cadet 2010 Youngest winner of the Monaco Kart Cup KF3 2011 Youngest winner of the CIK-FIA KF3 World Cup
Winner of the CIK-FIA Academy Trophy
Winner of the ERDF Master Kart Paris-Bercy 2012 CIK-FIA World Champion U18
Vice European Champion CIK-FIA KF2
Youngest Champion WSK Series KF2 2013 2 nd in the CIK-FIA KZ World Cup
Youngest winner of the Winter Cup KZ Motorsport since 2014 2014 Vice-Champion and best rookie in Formula Renault ALPS (Fortec Motorsports) 2015 4th and best rookie in the FIA Formula 3 Championship (Van Amersfoort Racing) 2016 Champion GP3 Series (ART Grand Prix) 2017 Champion FIA Formula 2 (Prema Racing) F1 since 2018 2018 Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 Team 2019 Scuderia Ferrari Mission Winnow 2020 Scuderia Ferrari Mission Winnow 2021 Scuderia Ferrari Mission Winnow 2022 Scuderia Ferrari Mission Winnow STATS 2024 / FIA F1 F1 FIA Championship Scuderia Ferrari 1 Victories 1 Pole positions 5 Podiums 138 Points 2023 / FIA F1 F1 FIA Championship Scuderia Ferrari 0 Victories 3 Pole positions 3 Podiums 206 Points 2022 / FIA F1 F1 FIA Championship Scuderia Ferrari 3 Victories 9 Pole positions 5 Podiums 308 Points 2021 / FIA F1 F1 FIA Championship Scuderia Ferrari 0 Victories 2 Pole positions 1 Podiums 159 Points 2020 / FIA F1 F1 FIA Championship Scuderia Ferrari 0 Victories 0 Pole positions 2 Podiums 98 Points 2019 / FIA F1 F1 FIA Championship Scuderia Ferrari 2 Victories 7 Pole positions 10 Podiums 264 Points 2018 / FIA F1 F1 FIA Championship Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 Team 21 Grand Prix 39 Points 2017 / FIA F2 F2 FIA Champion Prema Racing 22 Races 7 Victories 8 Pole positions 10 Podiums 2016 / GP3 Series GP3 Series Champion with ART Grand Prix 18 Races 3 Victories 4 Pole positions 8 Podiums 2015 / F3 FIA European Championship with Van Amersfoort Racing 33 Races 4 Victories 3 Pole positions 13 Podiums 2014 / FR 2.0 ALPS Championship with Fortec Motorsports 14 Races 2 Victories 1 Pole positions 9 Podiums TEAM SINCE 2019 TEAM SITE PHOTOS INSTANT 26/05/24 – Monaco – Monaco Grand Prix 19/05/24 – Emilia-Romagna – Italy Grand Prix 05/05/24 – Miami – Miami Grand Prix 21/04/24 – Shangai – Chinese Grand Prix 07/04/24 – Suzuka – Japanese Grand Prix 24/03/24 – Melbourne – Austria Grand Prix 09/03/24 – Jeddah – Saudi Arabia Grand Prix 02/03/24 – Bahrain – Bahrain Grand Prix 26/11/23 – Yas Marina – Abu Dhabi Grand Prix 19/11/23 – Las Vegas – Las Vegas Grand Prix 05/11/23 – Sao Paulo – Brazilian Grand Prix 29/10/22 – Mexico – Mexican Grand Prix 22/10/23 – Austin – United States Grand Prix 08/10/23 – Qatar – Qatar Grand Prix 24/09/23 – Suzuka – Japanese Grand Prix 17/09/23 – Singapour – Singapore Grand Prix 03/09/23 – Monza – Italy Grand Prix 27/08/23 – Zandvoort – Dutch Grand Prix 30/07/23 – Spa-Francorchamps – Belgium Grand Prix 23/07/23 – Hungaroring – Hungarian Grand Prix Race FOLLOW ME No translations available for this page
News Entertainment Style Health Beauty Sexiest People The Travel List streaming Video Subscribe Home Entertainment Who is Charles Leclerc's Girlfriend? We look back at the Formula 1 star's romances. - by Gracie Boyle 27 May 2024 In the wise words of Sebastian Vettel, "Everyone is a Ferrari fan. Even if they say they're not, they are Ferrari fans." This is especially true when it comes to Ferrari drivers, with the team's youngest driver Charles Leclerc regularly winning the hearts of fans throughout the Formula 1 paddock one wink at a time. {title} {duration} The Voice artist's shock confession after being eliminated 1:23 The Voice's Guy Sebastian left gobsmacked at rude comment by artist 0:48 Osher reveals 2020 Bachelor could be cancelled due to Coronavirus 1:04 Kendall Jenner blames Scott Disick for Kourtney Kardashian's funk 0:28 Fitzy reveals what fans never knew about Big Brother 0:24 Sarah Marie & Matty Fahd mute Jad as he raves on about MasterChef 0:24 The Block 2020: Houses are transported to plot of land in Brighton 0:50 MAFS' David reveals he's found love since leaving the show 0:03 Kim Kardashian opens up about rumours of booing Tristan on KUWTK 0:29 While some fans may have been hoping to join the race for the Monegasque driver's heart, the beloved driver confirmed in August 2023 that he was in a new relationship. As the beloved Tifosi get ready to cheer the Prince of Monaco towards his next Grand Prix victory, we take a closer look back at Charles Leclerc's relationship history. We look back on Charles' relationship history. Getty Does Charles Leclerc have a girlfriend? Charles Leclerc's current girlfriend is 22-year-old art co-ordinator Alexandra Saint Mleux. Rumours of the couple's relationship first began to surface on TikTok in March 2023 after some eagle-eyed fans spotted who they believed to be Alexandra briefly in the background of a video of Charles at Paris Fashion Week. Speculation surrounding the potential new paddock romance reached its peak in May 2023 when Alexandra was spotted attending the Monaco Formula 1 Grand Prix as a guest of Charles' team Ferrari. While the pair did not comment publicly about their relationship at the time, fan speculation appeared to be confirmed following Sunday's race when Charles and Alexandra were pictured hand in hand at several after-parties. Charles and Alexandra confirmed their relationship in May 2023. Getty Shortly after the race, Charles officially confirmed fan speculation throughout a brief press tour, with the 26-year-old telling Gala France that he was in a relationship. Although the pair kept their new romance low-key after the Monaco Grand Prix, Alexandra started to appear more regularly both within and outside the Formula 1 paddock, with the new couple making their first public outing together at the 2023 Wimbledon Tennis alongside fellow Formula 1 driver Pierre Gasly and his girlfriend, Kika Gomez. Alex has become a regular guest to the F1 paddock alongside the couple's dog Leo. Despite both keeping commentary surrounding their relationship to a minimum, Alexandra has become a regular feature alongside the Leclerc family in the Formula 1 paddock - most recently celebrating Charles' maiden Monaco Grand Prix win alongside his brothers, Arthur and Lorenzo, and his mother. In a recent race-day special with Canal+, it was also revealed that Charles and Alexandra appear to be living together in the Ferrari star's Monaco home alongside their newest family member - dachshund puppy Leo. Who has Charles Leclerc dated? Charlotte and Charles announced their split in December 2022 after three years together. Getty Charlotte Sine Charles Leclerc was previously in a long-term relationship with Monegasque architecture student Charlotte Sine, with the couple dating from 2019 to December 2022. According to The Sun, the couple first met when they were teenagers and throughout their relationship, both Charlotte and Charles were frequently spotted mingling with the same friendship group. The former couple also had a strong joint social media presence, which quickly cemented Charlotte and Charles as one of the most loved romances on the grid amongst Formula 1 fans. Charlotte was also spotted regularly throughout the paddock on Grand Prix weekends, with her final appearance at Abu Dhabi's Yas Marina Circuit occurring less than one month before the couple announced their split. "Hello everyone. Charlotte and I have decided to end our relationship and we remain good friends. We have shared so many great moments and she is and always will be a very special person to me. She is amazing and deserves the best," Charles shared to Instagram in December 2022. Charles' first public girlfriend was Italian model Giada Gianni. Getty Giada Gianni Before entering the world of Formula 1, Charles was in a long-term relationship with Italian model Giada Gianni. The couple first got together in 2015 during Charles' season in Formula 3. Although there is very little known about the pair's romance, Giada did comment on the couple's split during an appearance on her Instagram Live in 2019. "Charles left me. He wants to devote himself only to Ferrari," she told her followers, with the timing of the couple's breakup coinciding with Charles' move from the Alfa Romeo Sauber Formula 1 team to Ferrari. Want to discover your love story? Start your journey today for FREE with eHarmony. Related Articles: Who is Carlos Sainz's New Girlfriend? Where to Watch Formula 1 in Australia Entertainment Celebrity Couples Celebrity Gracie Boyle Subscribe to Who magazine-& save! Subscribe Now Subscribe to Who magazine-& save! Subscribe Now Recommended to you Watch 1:43 The Bachelor's Locky Gilbert and Irena Srbinovska get married {headline} Calling All F1 Fans, Here’s Exactly Where You Can Stream Every Race Who is Lando Norris' Girlfriend? Who Is Carlos Sainz's New Girlfriend? Who is Oscar Piastri's Girlfriend? {headline} Geri Halliwell rocked by Christian Horner scandal F1 Academy: Everything You Need to Know About the Women's Motorsport Championship 5 Things I Wish I Knew Before Going To My First Grand Prix {headline} Netflix's Drive to Survive is Back for Season 6: What You Need to Know Perfect Your Race Day Style with Our Top Driver-Approved Formula 1 Merchandise Who is Max Verstappen's Girlfriend? Everything we know about Lewis Hamilton and Shakira's relationship Michael Schumacher health update: He is watching Formula 1 on TV Twenty One Pilots are Finally Touring Australia: Here's What You Need to Know Are Bridgerton's Bessie Carter & Sam Phillips Dating? Get more from Who Magazine Subscription Offer Subscribe to Who magazine-& save! Shop This Offer
Skip to content RaceFans Menu and widgets Advert | Go ad-free New on RaceFans F1 flatters itself by imagining Monaco is its only frequently dull race Verstappen’s qualifying error shows Red Bull feeling pressure from Ferrari – Sainz 2024 Monaco Grand Prix weekend F1 driver ratings Mercedes “very confident” in their power unit plans for new 2026 rules – Russell Did any driver deserve a penalty for race-stopping Monaco GP crash? Damage from “very small” Sainz contact initially cost up to 0.5s per lap – McLaren Why Formula 1 drivers were “slower than Formula 2” at times in Monaco The details revealed by fans’ videos of Perez and Magnussen’s Monaco GP crash “Painfully slow” Monaco Grand Prix was too much – Albon Leclerc ‘never believed in Monaco Grand Prix curse’ RaceFans > Charles Leclerc Charles Leclerc Back-to-back championship victories in GP3 and Formula 2 made Charles Leclerc an obvious choice for an F1 seat at Sauber in 2018. Born: 16th October 1997 Birthplace: Monte-Carlo, Monaco Find all RaceFans who support Leclerc He had his first run in a kart thanks to childhood friend Jules Bianchi . Leclerc, the younger of the pair by seven years, showed similar skills at the wheel and followed his friend’s path towards F1. In 2009 Leclerc became the youngest-ever winner of France’s cadet karting championship. Two years later Nicolas Todt, Bianchi’s manager, signed Leclerc up. This was a pivotal moment, as without Todt’s backing Leclerc doubted his family could have afforded to keep supporting him. He went on to enjoy success on the international stage, though he narrowly missed out on several major titles. In 2012 he was runner-up in the European KF2 series and the under 18 world championship. The following year Max Verstappen beat him to the KZ1 world title. Nonetheless Leclerc showed clear potential and was ready to move up to racing cars. While Verstappen went straight into F3 Leclerc took smaller steps up the F1 ladder. Charles Leclerc biography 2014: Formula Renault 2.0 Leclerc stood out as a rookie in the 2014 Formula Renault ALPS championship where his rivals included George Russell and McLaren junior Nyck de Vries , the latter in his third year in the category. De Vries beat Leclerc to the title, the latter winning twice at Monza. Advert | Become a Supporter & go ad-free The title had already been decided when the series arrived at Jerez in Spain for the final round. On the same weekend Bianchi was racing for Marussia in the Japanese Grand Prix at Suzuka, where disaster struck. Bianchi crashed and suffered serious head injuries. He was comatose for nine months and died the following July. Though distraught, Leclerc said the death of his childhood friend never caused him to doubt his future lay in racing. Demonstrating remarkable composure just a few days after his 17th birthday, Leclerc finished on the podium in the final race. Leclerc had also attracted attention with wildcard appearances in the more competitive Eurocup series, where he took second place finishes at Spa-Francorchamps and the Nurburgring. 2015: European Formula Three For 2015 Leclerc ascended to another championship where he was up against several experienced competitors. He took Verstappen’s place at Van Amersfoort in the European Formula Three championship. His fellow rookies included Russell at Carlin and future F1 driver Lance Stroll driving for Prema. Leclerc and Russell tangled in the first race of the year at Silverstone, then Leclerc followed his rival home in the second race. In the weekend’s final race Leclerc scored his first F3 victory, and a championship bid looked to be on the cards. A superb performance in the third race at Hockenheim underlined Leclerc’s potential. He won a thrilling duel with highly experienced title favourite Felix Rosenqvist. That put Leclerc second in the points standings, a position he still held after the third round at Pau, despite a couple of poor starts. Driving standards in the championship became a major talking point at the following rounds. Stroll went out in a horrifying crash at Monza and other incidents prompted one race to be abandoned. The controversy continued at Spa where Stroll earned a one-race ban for taking Rosenqvist out. Leclerc stayed out of trouble, racing from sixth to first in the weekend’s opening race. Second in race three meant Leclerc now had the championship lead. He kept his points lead at the Norisring, winning a wet first encounter on the short street course and finishing the other two inside the top four. His closest rival, Antonio Giovinazzi , was now 42 points behind. But his season was about to take a downward turn. Having reached the podium in 13 of the first 17 races, he failed to reach finish in the top three again during the rest of the season. A heavy crash at Zandvoort after contact with Stroll (which was ruled a racing incident) put him on the back foot. He brought his repaired car home tenth in the final race but Giovinazzi now led the points standings. Then Rosenqvist hit his stride. The Prema driver took the points lead with victory in Portugal and reeled off five wins on the trot to secure the title. Leclerc was bumped down to fourth in the standings by Jake Dennis, but still ended the year as top rookie against a strong field. Advert | Become a RaceFans supporter and go ad-free 2016: GP3 The Monegasque driver attracted the attention of Ferrari who brought him into their Driver Academy in 2016. This allowed him to raise his game further: testing in the Ferrari simulator, developing his physical and mental abilities and even sampling a current-specification Ferrari F1 car in testing. This also prompted a move away from F3 – where Prema enjoyed dominance and Stroll was being groomed for a title shot – and into GP3. While this meant adjusting to a new chassis and Pirelli’s high-degradation tyres, Leclerc had the benefit of joining top team ART which had taken Esteban Ocon to the title 12 months earlier. Leclerc emulated his predecessor and took his first championship since graduating from karts, but team mate Alexander Albon ran him close. Leclerc won the season-opening race at the Circuit de Catalunya despite DAMS pair Jake Hughes and Kevin Joerg sweeping the front row. He took another feature race win at the Red Bull Ring, this time from pole, but a crash during Sunday’s reverse-grid race meant he went to the next race with a grid penalty. Despite being relegated to seventh on the grid at Silverstone, Leclerc finished second in the feature race after a superb pass on fellow Ferrari Driver Academy member Antonio Fuoco. But another win-less weekend in Hungary cost him the points lead to Albon. By now Leclerc making occasional practice session outings in F1 with Haas. Although it underlined that he was now being considered a serious prospect for promotion, he found driving an F1 car during a race weekend compromised his GP3 preparations. He also had test outings for Ferrari, and Nonetheless the pendulum swung back in Leclerc’s favour at the Hockenheimring where Albon dropped out of the second race and Leclerc scored well in both races. A dominant performance in race one at Spa – despite being caught by Dennis towards the end – moved him further ahead. Although Monza included another no-score following a collision with team mate Nirei Fukuzumi, none of Leclerc’s title rivals were able to capitalise. Albon took a useful win in the first race at Sepang but Leclerc took points off him again in the Sunday race, meaning they headed to the finale with Leclerc 29 points ahead. Pole position for Albon with Leclerc only fifth set up an intriguing championship showdown. Leclerc lost a place at the start while Albon led, but a mid-race Safety Car brought Aitken within range of the leader. He took the lead but Albon’s attempt to regain the position put both out. Moments later Leclerc went out in a tangle with Santino Ferrucci but it didn’t matter: He had already secured the title. Advert | Become a RaceFans supporter and go ad-free 2017: Formula 2 A move into Formula 2 was the obvious next step though his chances of winning the title first time out appeared slim. The series, previously called GP2, was now in its seventh year of running the same chassis, which handed an advantage to the more experienced drivers. Joining Prema, who had dominated their first attempt at the championship 12 months earlier, strengthened Leclerc’s hand. Not only did he win the title as a rookie – the first to do so since Nico Hulkenberg in 2009 – he smashed the opposition. Leclerc ended the year with a 72-point margin over his closest rival. But this understated the extent of his dominance: Leclerc won on the road at Spa but was disqualified for excessive plank wear, as was title rival Oliver Rowland. And he should have started from pole position at Hungary but his car failed a scrutineering check due to a minor technical infringement. Despite these setbacks, and a significant penalty in Azerbaijan for failing to slow sufficiently for yellow flags, Leclerc’s title bid never looked under serious threat. He began the season on pole position in Bahrain but failed to convert it into victory as tyre degradation got the better of him. In the sprint race the following he took the gamble of making a non-mandatory pit stop in order to race flat out and sliced through the field to an extraordinary win. He followed that up with victory at the next race in Spain despite a problem with his radio. He was hard done by in Monaco where a suspension problem put him out shortly after his team misjudged a strategy call behind the Safety Car. However further wins in Baku (where his penalty denied him a double), the Red Bull Ring and Silverstone strengthened his championship situation. Leclerc suffered another, much greater blow during 2017. On the Tuesday before the Azerbaijan Grand Prix weekend his father Herve died. In spite of his grief, and with the motto “Je t’aime pap” added to his rear wing, three days later Leclerc put his car on pole position by six-tenths of a second. The slogan stayed there until the end of the year. After the disappointment of Spa, Leclerc was in the hunt for victory at Monza until he was taken out by De Vries. That meant he had to wait until the penultimate race weekend at Jerez to put a lock on the title, which he did in style with victory from pole position in the feature race. He signed off with a final win in the reverse-grid race at Yas Marina, muscling past Albon on the final tour. Advert | Become a RaceFans supporter and go ad-free 2018: Sauber Learning from his difficulties in 2016, Leclerc ensured his practice outings for Sauber during 2017 took place outside of F2 race weekends. He also returned to test for Ferrari, and impressed enough that they found a place for him in Sauber’s race team for 2018. His rookie season was a huge success in terms of establishing himself on the Formula 1 grid, as Leclerc outscored his team mate Marcus Ericsson by 30 points. On his debut in Australia, Leclerc qualified 18th and brought the car home 13th. He soon got comfortable in the car and at round four in Baku scored a sixth place which was his and Sauber’s best result of the year. After September’s Italian Grand Prix, Leclerc was signed by Ferrari to partner Sebastian Vettel for the 2019 season. In the seven races after the announcement, Leclerc scored points five times and in four of those races he finished seventh. At the Russian and Brazilians grands prix he started seventh, his best qualifying results of the season. Leclerc’s late-season points haul lifted him to 13th in the championship standings, making him the highest-placed rookie. 2019: Ferrari Leclerc’s first season at Ferrari started with fifth place at the Australian GP. He earned his first pole position in Bahrain and looked on course to win until he encountered engine trouble. Nonetheless he bagged his first podium finish and fastest lap. His second pole position came in Austria, which proved the prelude to a gripping tussle with for victory against Max Verstappen . The Red Bull driver prevailed, obliging Leclerc to wait even longer for his breakthrough win. It finally came on a tragic September weekend at Spa-Francorchamps, the day after his friend Anthoine Hubert was killed in a Formula 2 crash. A week later Leclerc added a second success in front of Ferrari’s Tifosi fanbase at Monza, narrowly holding off Lewis Hamilton . He ended his first season in a Ferrari with two wins, seven poles, four fastest laps and 10 podiums to his name. The team signed him up to a new, long-term deal which far outlasted Vettel’s contract. Advert | Become a RaceFans supporter and go ad-free 2020: Ferrari Following Leclerc’s strong first season at Ferrari, expectations were raised for 2020. However the Covid-19 pandemic disrupted preparations for the season and Ferrari’s latest car turned out not to be a grand prix-winning machine. Following an investigation into Ferrari’s power unit by the FIA and a private settlement between the team and governing body, the straight-line speed advantage they once enjoyed was conspicuously absent in 2020. Although Leclerc started the season with second place in the Austrian Grand Prix, and then finished third in the British GP three races later, he only reached the top five on four more occasions across the season and was a lowly eighth in the standings. At the Styrian Grand Prix, run a week after the Austrian Grand Prix and on the same track, Leclerc was eliminated in the second segment of qualifying. He was then found to have breached red flag protocols and impeded another driver, which resulted in a grid penalty. The race went even worse, as Leclerc crashed into team mate Vettel, leading to both retiring. At the Spanish Grand Prix Leclerc failed to finish due to his engine cutting out, and had further car trouble as well as a lack of pace at the Belgian Grand Prix left him 13th. The Italian Grand Prix was even more painful, as Leclerc crashed out of the race at high speed at Parabolica. The season ended with two more difficult weekends, as Leclerc crashed into Sergio Perez , caused his own retirement and earned himself a grid penalty at the Sakhir Grand Prix, then in the Abu Dhabi finale came in a lapped 13th. However for the second year in a row he comfortably outscored Vettel, whose departure from Ferrari was by now confirmed. 2021: Ferrari Ferrari began to rebound from their slump, though 2021 was another win-less season for team, driver and new team mate Carlos Sainz Jnr . Leclerc finished seventh in the standings, but only had one podium finish, fewer than Sainz, who also outscored him. Leclerc’s home grand prix promised much as he was fastest in qualifying, bagging the coveted pole position, but crashed out of Q3. A driveshaft problem on the way to the grid meant he did not even start the race. He took pole for the next race in Baku too, but could only convert it into a fourth place finish. His sole podium appearance of the season was a gem, courtesy of a brilliant drive at the British Grand Prix. Leclerc was fourth in qualifying and F1’s first ever sprint race, then he moved into an early lead in the grand prix itself after Hamilton and Verstappen collided. Despite power unit trouble, Leclerc clung onto his lead, until Hamilton passed him with two laps to go. After that second place, Leclerc’s next best results over the remaining races were three fourth places. Advert | Become a RaceFans supporter and go ad-free 2022: Ferrari An all-new set of technical regulations provided Ferrari with an opportunity to return to the front in F1, and for Leclerc to prove he was one of the best in the series having previously been unable to follow up on his breakthrough 2019 season. It looked like Leclerc was going to deliver on that, as he started the 2022 season with pole, race victory and fastest lap in two of the first three events. Although his qualifying form continued to place him at the front, with seven further poles while fighting Verstappen for the world championship title, his Austrian Grand Prix win in July was his only podium in nine race in the middle of the season. When he started fighting for wins again after the summer break it was already too late for his title ambitions, and Verstappen clinched the title at Suzuka with four races to spare. Charles Leclerc articles Leclerc ‘never believed in Monaco Grand Prix curse’ Leclerc channels tragedy into triumph with emotional Monaco victory Leclerc was thinking of late father in final laps before emotional home win Piastri “didn’t have a small enough car” to attempt pass on Leclerc Vote for your 2024 Monaco Grand Prix Driver of the Weekend Browse all Charles Leclerc articles Leclerc’s career in pictures Charles Leclerc, Haas, Silverstone, 2016 Charles Leclerc, Sauber, Singapore, 2018 Charles Leclerc, Ferrari, Yas Marina Charles Leclerc, Ferrari, Spa-Francorchamps, 2019 Charles Leclerc, Ferrari, Silverstone, 2020 Charles Leclerc, Ferrari, Monaco, 2021 Charles Leclerc, Ferrari, Bahrain International Circuit, 2022 Skip to toolbar Log in Register Dark Mode Toggle Go Ad-Free About Search
All Series Formula 1 MotoGP NASCAR Cup WEC IndyCar WRC IMSA FIA F2 Supercars DTM Formula 1 News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams MotoGP News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams NASCAR Cup News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams IndyCar News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams WEC News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams Open wheel Formula E News Photos Schedule Results Standings Drivers FIA F2 News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams FIA F3 News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams Super Formula News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams F1 Academy News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams Indy NXT News Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams Rally WRC News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams Dakar News Schedule Results Standings Photos Videos Drivers Teams Sportscars Le Mans News Photos Videos Schedule Standings Drivers Teams IMSA News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams Super GT News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams Bikes Moto2 News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams Moto3 News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams World Superbike News Schedule Results Standings Photos Videos Drivers Teams Other NASCAR NASCAR XFINITY News Schedule Results Standings Photos Videos Drivers Teams NASCAR Truck News Schedule Results Standings Photos Videos Drivers Teams NASCAR Euro News Schedule Results Standings Photos Videos Drivers Teams Touring Supercars News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams DTM News Photos Videos Schedule Results Standings Drivers Teams All Series News Schedule Results Standings Photos Videos Drivers Teams All Series Subscribe Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Registration Sign in Motorsport prime Discover premium content Subscribe Edition Global 16 Charles Leclerc Team Ferrari Date of birth 1997-10-16 Age 26 Nationality Monaco Socials Stay in touch Get Alerts Main News Photos Videos Country Monaco Date of birth 1997-10-16 Charles Leclerc Biography Born: 16/10/1997, Monaco Few drivers reach Formula 1 on a wave of anticipation as sizable as Charles Leclerc’s but the Monegasque has consistently delivered on those high expectations. Born in the heart of grand prix racing’s most iconic crown jewel of Monaco, Leclerc enjoyed the benefit of growing up immersed amid decades of F1 heritage within a family itself rich in motorsport heritage too. Taking inspiration from his father Herve - once a prominent F3 racer - while also living among many of F1’s elite that choose to reside in the Principality, Leclerc’s path towards the upper echelons of motorsport was all but assured. Even so, Leclerc’s rapid ascent through the junior ranks spoke of talent exceeding his advantageous surroundings, quickly gaining attention with numerous karting titles before quickly making his mark upon progressing to open-wheel racing. Catching the eye of F1-affiliated talent scouts with his race-winning run to fourth overall in the 2015 FIA Formula 3 European Championship - only his second campaign of single-seater competition - and finishing second in the prestigious Macau GP, Leclerc was swiftly inducted into the Ferrari Driver Academy alongside his close friend and soon-to-be Marussia F1 driver, the late Jules Bianchi. Going on to take the grand prix paddock by storm with consecutive GP3 Series and F2 titles with ART Grand Prix and Prema Racing respectively under the noses of F1 bosses, it was Leclerc’s refined race craft and maturity that earned him widespread acclaim. This was no better demonstrated than during his title-winning F2 campaign, first on his debut in Bahrain when - after making an unusual pit-stop for fresh tyres during the sprint race - he surged through from 14th to take victory, then again in Baku when he achieved a rare double success just days after the death of his father. This dominant F2 title win smoothed his path towards an F1 debut with Sauber in 2018, and onto Ferrari just one year later. 2023 Scuderia Ferrari 5th - 206 points The race - winning form of early 2022 became a distant memory for Leclerc as Ferrari started 2023 much weaker than reigning champions Red Bull. A lack of pace meant hopes of claiming a race victory seemed slim, while much bad luck also struck Leclerc who retired from two of the opening three races. In the fourth round Leclerc finally achieved his first podium of the season with third in Baku, which also included a shock pole position for the Ferrari driver. But a weekend like that proved to be a rarity as Leclerc claimed just two more podiums in the eight rounds before the summer break, with Ferrari in a tight and unpredictable fight against Mercedes, McLaren and Aston Martin for ‘best of the rest’. Bad luck continued to haunt Leclerc who retired in Zandvoort with floor damage, while pole position in Austin was clouded by disqualification from the grand prix due to excessive wear on his skid block. Leclerc also failed to convert his pole position in Brazil after a hydraulics problem on the formation lap stopped the Ferrari driver from starting the race. However, that was amid a strong finish overall to the 2023 season where Leclerc scored three podiums in the final four races to finish fifth in the standings - two positions higher than team-mate Carlos Sainz - with Ferrari third in the constructors’ standings. 2022 Scuderia Ferrari 2nd - 308 points After two tough seasons adrift of the lead fight, Ferrari’s decision to divert resources towards F1’s new technical regulation blueprint for 2022 earlier than Mercedes and Red Bull proves wise, with the lithe F1-75 emerging as a competitive package. Giving Leclerc his most competitive package since 2019, he pounced directly into a fierce rivalry with Max Verstappen during the early rounds with gritty victories in Bahrain and Australia carving him an early advantage. However, Red Bull soon corrected its technical missteps, leaving Leclerc and Ferrari few answers in response to Verstappen once he hit his stride. With the tide turning quickly once the season returned to Europe, Red Bull’s momentum coincided with a frustrating period for both Ferrari and Leclerc as a series of sloppy errors, tactical blunders and technical issues stymied their progress. As such, the chance at the title quickly slipped from Ferrari’s grasp as the summer break loomed. Nevertheless, Leclerc - aided by a third win of the year in Austria - held onto a career-best runners-up spot in the overall standings. 2021 Scuderia Ferrari 7th - 159 points With the technical freeze preventing Ferrari from making significant changes to its much maligned package, the hangovers of 2020 lingered on painfully into 2021 for Leclerc. Unable to make a regular impression on the lead fight between Mercedes and Red Bull, Ferrari instead proved a more convincing candidate for ‘best of the rest’ status in a competitive field. For Leclerc, however, he struggled for form in the SF21, limiting himself to just a single trip to the podium - a second place at the British GP - to leave him comfortably adrift of new team-mate Sainz by the conclusion of the season. 2020 Scuderia Ferrari 8th - 98 points Coming into the season with sights set firmly on toppling Sebastian Vettel as the team’s defined number one driver, Leclerc was forced to put his personal goals on ice amid a slump in form for Ferrari. Already on the back foot after the FIA forced it to make changes to its engine due to an undisclosed breach in regulation, Ferrari also went the wrong way with the design of its SF1000, leaving Leclerc in unfamiliar territory battling down the order for much of the season. Two podiums in the opening four races boosted Leclerc’s fortunes early on, but thereafter he and Ferrari were mired in a heated - if humbling - tussle with Racing Point, Renault and McLaren for third in the constructors’ ranking. Regardless, he comfortably had the measure of Vettel throughout the season, prompting the German to announce his exit and Leclerc to pen a new long-term deal that’d keep him at Ferrari until the end of 2024. 2019 Scuderia Ferrari 4th - 264 points Keen to repel any rival bids to lure its prized protege from its grasp, Ferrari broke with tradition by signing Leclerc for only his second season in the sport, placing him alongside Vettel. Making him the youngest driver to hold a Ferrari F1 seat in 50 years, what Leclerc lacked in experience he made up for in vigour, quickly proving a match for Vettel in raw pace. He very nearly claimed a sensational pole-to-flag win in Bahrain but for technical issues pegging him back to third and though Ferrari’s title aspirations fizzled out against the force of Mercedes, Leclerc held his own to quickly tally up a series of podium results. With the youngster’s stock rising - amid a difficult patch of form for erstwhile team leader Vettel - Leclerc broke through with a hugely poignant maiden victory in the Belgian GP, held a day after close friend Anthoine Hubert lost his life in an accident during the supporting F2 race. Emboldened by his success, Leclerc won again just a week later on Ferrari’s home soil at Monza. Cheered on by the devoted tifosi , Leclerc whipped fans into a frenzy en route to a famous victory with his boisterous defence of the lead from Lewis Hamilton. On a day that saw Vettel - never a winner at Monza in Ferrari colours - endure an error-strewn race, Leclerc’s success raised tensions in the fight for Ferrari’s affections during the final rounds. This led to a handful of skirmishes between the two drivers - most notably a clash in Brazil that eliminated both drivers from the race - the inter-team fight for supremacy intensified when the team was forced to make changes to its car after it was found in breach of regulations. Stuttering a strong run of form - which included a streak of five pole positions in six races - for Leclerc coming into the closing stages of the season, he nonetheless prevailed over Vettel to finish fourth in the final standings with ten podiums, including his two wins. 2018 Sauber F1 Team 13th - 39 points After being linked with Haas initially by virtue of its affiliation with Ferrari, Leclerc instead penned a deal with Sauber after it renewed and upgraded its partnership with the Scuderia to coincide with prominent new title backing from Italian manufacturer Alfa Romeo. Becoming the first Monegasque in 24 years to start a grand prix, Leclerc struggled initially under the spotlight of expectation with a series of errors blighting his initial races. However, his fortunes changed on the back of a headline-grabbing charge to sixth place in the Azerbaijan GP - Sauber’s best result since 2015 - which kick-started a run of five top ten results in six races. Consolidating his potential with another strong run of results in the final rounds, Leclerc was promptly fast-tracked straight into a coveted Ferrari seat for his second season in F1. Charles Leclerc Racing Record Year Team Championship Position 2018 Sauber F1 Team 13th 2019 Scuderia Ferrari 4th 2020 Scuderia Ferrari 8th 2021 Scuderia Ferrari 7th 2022 Scuderia Ferrari 2nd 2023 Scuderia Ferrari 5th Latest news on Charles Leclerc Loss, heartbreak, redemption: The road to Leclerc's Monaco F1 triumph Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 14 h Loss, heartbreak, redemption: The road to Leclerc's Monaco F1 triumph The two critical changes behind Leclerc finally breaking his Monaco F1 duck Prime Formula 1 Prime Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 d The two critical changes behind Leclerc finally breaking his Monaco F1 duck Leclerc struggled to see through tears on way to Monaco GP win Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 2 d Leclerc struggled to see through tears on way to Monaco GP win Verstappen: Red Bull "getting found out" by F1 rivals as gap closes Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 3 d Verstappen: Red Bull "getting found out" by F1 rivals as gap closes Leclerc would have felt "completely stupid" without Monaco F1 pole Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 3 d Leclerc would have felt "completely stupid" without Monaco F1 pole Leclerc: Ferrari power strategy cost shot at better F1 Imola GP result Formula 1 Formula 1 Emilia Romagna GP 9 d Leclerc: Ferrari power strategy cost shot at better F1 Imola GP result The risk in Leclerc’s Ferrari F1 engineer swap Prime Formula 1 Prime Formula 1 Emilia Romagna GP 13 d The risk in Leclerc’s Ferrari F1 engineer swap Leclerc set for new Ferrari F1 race engineer as Xavi Marcos moves role Formula 1 Formula 1 19 d Leclerc set for new Ferrari F1 race engineer as Xavi Marcos moves role Leclerc convinced Ferrari is closer to Red Bull on F1 race pace in Miami Formula 1 Formula 1 Miami GP 23 d Leclerc convinced Ferrari is closer to Red Bull on F1 race pace in Miami Trending 1 . The simple rule change that could make the Monaco GP exciting again Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 20 h The simple rule change that could make the Monaco GP exciting again 2 . Norris: Sainz's Monaco F1 red flag reprieve “frustrating and unfair” Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 d Norris: Sainz's Monaco F1 red flag reprieve “frustrating and unfair” 3 . Verstappen: F1 Monaco GP was not really racing Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 2 d Verstappen: F1 Monaco GP was not really racing 4 . Alpine not ruling out F1 driver line-up change after latest Ocon/Gasly clash Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 d Alpine not ruling out F1 driver line-up change after latest Ocon/Gasly clash 5 . Alonso mistakenly believed he finished 10th in F1 Monaco GP Formula 1 Formula 1 Monaco GP 1 d Alonso mistakenly believed he finished 10th in F1 Monaco GP Latest news Chase Briscoe hopes to "land on his feet" after SHR closure NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup 8 h Chase Briscoe hopes to "land on his feet" after SHR closure Stewart-Haas Racing to shut down NASCAR Cup Series operation NASCAR Cup NAS NASCAR Cup 9 h Stewart-Haas Racing to shut down NASCAR Cup Series operation India MotoGP promoter cancels this year's race, eyes March 2025 date MotoGP MGP MotoGP 12 h India MotoGP promoter cancels this year's race, eyes March 2025 date Latest videos Newgarden Beats O'Ward To Go Back-To-Back - The 108th Indy 500 Review IndyCar 28:11 IndyCar May 27, 2024 Newgarden Beats O'Ward To Go Back-To-Back - The 108th Indy 500 Review Justin Allgaier on No. 5 team: ‘They are all top-notch’ NASCAR Cup 02:15 NASCAR Cup May 27, 2024 Justin Allgaier on No. 5 team: ‘They are all top-notch’ Hot Take: Byron’s pass in the ‘grass’ and Larson’s double dreams get dashed at Charlotte NASCAR Cup 01:53 NASCAR Cup May 27, 2024 Hot Take: Byron’s pass in the ‘grass’ and Larson’s double dreams get dashed at Charlotte Subscribe to our newsletter Receive exciting Motorsport news, updates, and special offers straight to your inbox. Subscribe Get the app Social media Motorsport.tv Motor1.com Motorsportjobs.com Autosport.com Motorsportstats.com Contact us Feedback Advertise with Motorsport.com Contact the team sales@motorsport.com 650 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10022 USA © 2024 Motorsport Network All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Cookie policy Privacy Policy Cookie Settings Sign up for free Get quick access to your favorite articles Manage alerts on breaking news and favorite drivers Make your voice heard with article commenting. Registration Sign in Motorsport prime Discover premium content Subscribe Edition Global
Jump to content Search Search Charles Leclerc 56 languages Afrikaans العربية Azərbaycanca Български Bosanski Brezhoneg Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Euskara فارسی Français Frysk Gaeilge Galego 한국어 Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Interlingue IsiZulu Italiano עברית ქართული Latviešu Lëtzebuergesch Lietuvių Lombard Magyar Македонски Bahasa Melayu Монгол Nederlands 日本語 Norsk bokmål Occitan Polski Português Română Русский Shqip Slovenčina Slovenščina Српски / srpski Sunda Suomi Svenska Tagalog ไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 Edit links From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Monégasque racing driver (born 1997) For other people named Charles Leclerc, see Charles Leclerc (disambiguation) . Charles Leclerc Leclerc in 2020 Born Charles Marc Hervé Perceval Leclerc ( 1997-10-16 ) 16 October 1997 (age 26) Monte Carlo , Monaco Relatives Arthur Leclerc (brother) Formula One World Championship career Nationality Monégasque 2024 team Ferrari [1] Car number 16 Entries 133 (131 starts) Championships 0 Wins 6 Podiums 35 Career points 1212 Pole positions 24 Fastest laps 9 First entry 2018 Australian Grand Prix First win 2019 Belgian Grand Prix Last win 2024 Monaco Grand Prix Last entry 2024 Monaco Grand Prix 2023 position 5th (206 pts) Website Official website Previous series 2017 2016 2015 2014 2014 FIA Formula 2 Championship GP3 Series European Formula 3 Championship Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 Formula Renault 2.0 Alps Championship titles 2017 2016 FIA Formula 2 Championship GP3 Series Awards 2023 2019, 2022 2017–2018 2017–2018 Overtake of the Year FIA Pole Trophy FIA Rookie of the Year Autosport Rookie of the Year Signature Charles Marc Hervé Perceval Leclerc [2] ( French pronunciation: [ʃaʁl ləklɛʁ] ; born 16 October 1997) is a Monégasque racing driver , currently racing in Formula One for Scuderia Ferrari . He won the GP3 Series championship in 2016 and the FIA Formula 2 Championship in 2017 . Leclerc made his Formula One debut in 2018 for Sauber , a team affiliated with Ferrari, for which he was part of the Ferrari Driver Academy . With Sauber having finished last the year before, Leclerc led the charge to improve its finishing position in the Constructors' Championship to eighth, and was the higher ranked of the two Sauber drivers. He joined Ferrari the next season and became the second-youngest driver to qualify on pole position in Formula One at the 2019 Bahrain Grand Prix . The 2019 season also saw Leclerc take his first career win in Belgium . He won the FIA Pole Trophy for most pole positions in the 2019 season, becoming the youngest driver to win it, before winning it again in 2022 . Leclerc finished runner-up to Max Verstappen in the 2022 World Drivers' Championship. As of the 2024 Monaco Grand Prix , Leclerc has achieved 6 race wins, 24 pole positions, and 9 fastest laps in Formula One. He scored the first grand slam of his career at the 2022 Australian Grand Prix . Leclerc is set to remain at Ferrari until at least the end of the 2026 season. [3] Personal life Born to father Hervé Leclerc and mother Pascale Leclerc, [4] Leclerc grew up as the middle child between older brother Lorenzo and younger brother Arthur . His father also raced cars, driving in Formula 3 in the 1980s and 1990s. Hervé died after a long illness, aged 54, just four days before Leclerc would go on to win the feature race at the 2017 Baku Formula 2 round . [5] [6] Leclerc's older brother Lorenzo was best friends with Jules Bianchi , who became Leclerc's godfather. Leclerc's younger brother Arthur raced in Formula 2 until the end of the 2023 season. Leclerc is trilingual, being fluent in French, Italian, and English. [7] Although the French pronunciation of his name uses silent final consonants, he has stated that when speaking English he often uses the Anglicised pronunciation. He has said "he likes both", and that others using either pronunciation is acceptable to him. [8] Leclerc has described his religious stance as "[believing] in God, but [not someone] who would pray or go to church." [9] Early career 2005–2013: Karting Leclerc began his karting career in 2005, winning the French PACA Championship in 2005, 2006, and 2008. [10] In 2009 he became French Cadet champion before moving up to the KF3 class in 2010, where he won the Junior Monaco Kart Cup . [11] He continued in the KF3 class for 2011, winning the CIK - FIA KF3 World Cup, the CIK-FIA Karting Academy Trophy and the ERDF Junior Kart Masters. [12] During the year, Leclerc also became a member of Nicolas Todt 's All Road Management company. [13] Leclerc graduated to the KF2 category in 2012 with the factory-backed ART Grand Prix team, winning the WSK Euro Series title, [14] as well as finishing runner-up in the CIK-FIA European KF2 Championship and the CIK-FIA Under 18 World Karting Championship. [15] In his final year of karting in 2013, Leclerc won the South Garda Winter Cup and claimed sixth position in the CIK-FIA European KZ Championship and finished second in the CIK-FIA World KZ Championship, behind current Red Bull Formula One driver Max Verstappen . [16] 2014–2016: Formula Renault, Formula Three, and GP3 In 2014, Leclerc graduated to single-seaters , racing in the Formula Renault 2.0 Alps championship for British team Fortec Motorsports . [17] During the season, he took seven podium positions, including a double victory at Monza , [18] to finish runner-up in the championship behind Koiranen GP 's Nyck de Vries . [19] Leclerc also won the Junior Championship title at the final race of the season in Jerez , finishing ahead of teenager Matevos Isaakyan . [20] Leclerc also took part in a partial Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 season with Fortec as a guest driver. In the six races he contested he finished on the podium three times, taking a second place at the Nürburgring followed by a pair of second-place finishes at the Hungaroring . [21] Leclerc racing in the 2015 European Formula 3 Championship Leclerc graduated to Formula Three in 2015, racing in the FIA Formula 3 European Championship with Dutch team Van Amersfoort Racing . [22] At the opening round of the season in Silverstone , Leclerc inherited pole position for the second and third races of the weekend after original pole-sitter Felix Rosenqvist was excluded for a technical infringement. [23] He went on to take his first race victory in the third race of the weekend, ahead of Antonio Giovinazzi and Jake Dennis . [24] He took his second victory at the following round in Hockenheim , winning the third race as well as taking two additional podiums and three rookie victories over the course of the event. [25] Leclerc scored his third win in the first race at Spa-Francorchamps which saw him take the lead in the championship. However, Leclerc finished fourth in the standings, mostly due to damage sustained to his car's chassis following a collision with Lance Stroll at Zandvoort . In November 2015, Leclerc finished second at the Macau Grand Prix . In December 2015, Leclerc partook in post-season testing with ART Grand Prix and Arden International . In February 2016, de Vries confirmed that Leclerc would race in the 2016 GP3 season . [26] ART signed Leclerc the following week. With the team, he claimed three victories and took the title in his first year of the series, despite crashing out in the feature race of the season's final race in Abu Dhabi. [27] 2017: FIA Formula 2 Championship Leclerc leading the 2017 Jerez Formula 2 round , on his way to winning the Formula 2 championship The week following his victory in the GP3 title race, Charles Leclerc was confirmed to be graduating to the Formula 2 series for the 2017 season with Prema Racing , alongside fellow GP3 racer and Ferrari junior Antonio Fuoco . [28] He made his debut at Bahrain , where he took pole position for the feature race, but only finished third. [29] In the sprint race, his Prema team chose to take a mid-race pit stop, which is very uncommon in the shorter sprint races. He pushed harder on his medium Pirelli tyres, creating a nine-second lead before pitting. This would drop him down to 14th place, but Leclerc overtook 13 cars and took victory by overtaking Luca Ghiotto on the final lap. [30] After taking pole position for the second time in a row, he then fought off Ghiotto to win again in the Catalunya feature race, despite a radio issue. [31] [32] Leclerc did not score any points at his home round at Monaco . He was on pole but retired from the lead of the race with a suspension problem. The retirement also meant he would start the sprint race from the back of the grid, and in this race, he collided with Norman Nato whilst trying to make his way up the grid, which ultimately resulted in both drivers retiring from the race. He retained the championship lead despite the bad weekend, which he described as 'hugely disappointing'. [33] [34] [35] Leclerc took a fourth consecutive pole in Azerbaijan , which he dedicated to his late father, Hervé. [6] He converted this into another win, although the race was red-flagged five laps before the scheduled end. [36] In the sprint race, he started from eighth, and dropped to tenth early on, but fought back to sixth. The retirement of the race leader, his title rival Oliver Rowland , and De Vries, who was also ahead of Leclerc, meant Leclerc improved to fourth. He then passed Nicholas Latifi and Jordan King , and began to close on the new leader, Nato. He passed Nato, but had been given a ten-second penalty for failing to slow for yellow flags, and therefore finished second. [37] In Austria he took his fifth pole position, and then won the feature race from pole despite coming under pressure from teammate Fuoco, and towards the end, the DAMS of Latifi. [38] [39] He would retire from the sprint race after colliding with Fuoco and spinning out. [40] By taking pole for the sixth time for the next race, at Silverstone, he matched the record for most pole positions in a row, which was set by Stoffel Vandoorne in 2014 and 2015 , when the series were called GP2 Series . He won the feature race, even after his car set alight during the race, and even after one of his wing mirrors detached in the closing stages. [41] He would not start from pole in Hungary, despite taking his seventh successive pole position, as he was disqualified for a technical infringement. Despite starting from the back, he was in 12th position by turn 1. Using an alternative tyre strategy that saw him start on the medium tyres, Leclerc was stuck behind Alexander Albon , who was on the same strategy, although he eventually got past and would finish fourth. He would also finish fourth in the sprint race the next day, giving him a 50-point championship lead over Rowland. [42] [43] [44] For the Belgian rounds, Leclerc again took pole and won the race by a convincing margin of over 20 seconds, however, his win was disqualified as one of his skid blocks was excessively worn. Having to start in 19th place, Leclerc got back up to fifth place and finished 3.8 seconds behind race winner Sérgio Sette Câmara . Leclerc at the 2017 Monza Formula 2 round For the Italian feature race, Leclerc was battling for the lead; on the final lap, however, he was involved in an accident with De Vries. After starting towards the back of the grid for the second consecutive sprint race, Leclerc managed to fight his way back to ninth position, albeit out of the points. With a 57-point margin over Rowland heading into the penultimate rounds at Jerez, Leclerc gained his eighth pole position of the season, with both of his timed laps being good enough for pole position. In the feature race, Leclerc dominated most of the early stint on soft tyres and was able to overtake most of the runners on the alternate strategy. With seven laps to go, however, Nobuharu Matsushita collided with Santino Ferrucci , which brought out the safety car. At the point that the race resumed, Leclerc was misinformed over team radio that it was the "last lap" even though there were four laps to go, [45] so after pushing hard to build a gap Leclerc's tyres were "overheated badly" [45] with several laps still to run, yet despite his tyres being "completely gone" by the end Leclerc managed to hold off a charging Rowland by 0.23 seconds, [46] and claim the FIA Formula 2 championship in his rookie season in the main F1 feeder series. [47] In claiming the championship, Leclerc became the youngest ever champion of the main support series for Formula 1 at 19 years, 356 days old, and the first driver since Nico Hülkenberg in 2009 to win the championship in their rookie season (a feat which only Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton have previously accomplished) and is the only driver to claim a championship with the Dallara GP2/11 chassis in their rookie season. For the sprint race, Leclerc started in eighth place, however, due to his car's aggressive setup, he and his teammate, Antonio Fuoco, had to pit in the sprint race. Due to the aggressive pace of Leclerc however, he rose through the field, yet because of the excessive wear on his tyres, he conceded three positions on the final lap and finished in seventh position. For the final rounds at Abu Dhabi, Leclerc qualified in sixth place for the Feature race, his lowest starting position all season excluding penalties. Despite this, however, he managed to finish the highest of the alternate strategy runners in Abu Dhabi (Soft then Super Soft) in fourth place (he had made it up till third until the final corner of the final lap where he was pipped by Antonio Fuoco). This position however was subsequently changed to second after the race winner, Oliver Rowland, and Fuoco were disqualified for excessive floor wear and under-inflated front tyres respectively. For Leclerc's final race, he started in seventh position. He was initially able to make up two places but was running slower than the race leaders Alexander Albon and Nicholas Latifi . As the race progressed, however, Leclerc started gaining time compared to his rivals and managed to take Latifi with a few laps to go. For the final three laps, DRS was disabled and yellow flags in the final sector meant that Leclerc was stuck behind Albon, however on the final lap, both drivers tangled, triggered by Leclerc nudging Albon, and both had a drag race which they constantly were pushing each other until Leclerc finally took the lead and won by 1.293 seconds, his final victory in his last F2 race. Formula One career Test driver Leclerc testing for Haas in 2016 Leclerc testing for Sauber at the 2017 Malaysian Grand Prix In 2016, Leclerc joined the Ferrari Driver Academy and he acted as development driver for Haas F1 Team and Scuderia Ferrari . [48] As part of his role as development driver, Leclerc participated in the first practice session of the British and German Grands Prix driving for Haas . It was believed that if Leclerc won the GP3 Series championship, he would follow Daniil Kvyat and Valtteri Bottas direct from GP3 into F1 with Haas. [49] However this was debunked by Haas team principal Guenther Steiner who said that Leclerc would progress to the 2017 FIA Formula 2 Championship . [50] In 2017, he took part in the mid-season Hungaroring test following the Hungarian Grand Prix , driving the Ferrari SF70H . He was the fastest on the first day of the test, running 98 laps in the process and he did not take part in the second day's test. [51] Kimi Räikkönen also praised Leclerc saying "It's not easy to do well in a different car from what you normally drive. But Leclerc has shown great progress, and for sure he will do great things in the future". [52] Sauber (2018) Leclerc racing for Sauber at the 2018 Chinese Grand Prix For the 2018 Formula One World Championship , Leclerc signed for the Sauber F1 Team as a race driver, [53] replacing Pascal Wehrlein and alongside Marcus Ericsson . This marked the first appearance of a Monégasque Formula One driver since Olivier Beretta in 1994 . [N 1] At the Azerbaijan Grand Prix , a sixth-place finish saw him become the second Monégasque driver to score points in Formula One after Louis Chiron , who finished third at the 1950 Monaco Grand Prix . At his first home race in Formula One, Leclerc suffered a brake failure in the closing laps, colliding into the back of Brendon Hartley and forcing both cars into retirement. [55] Three consecutive points finishes followed before a run of five races without points. This run included three retirements; a loose wheel in Britain , suspension damage after colliding with Sergio Pérez in Hungary , and a multi-car accident in Belgium caused by Nico Hülkenberg which resulted in Fernando Alonso being launched over the top of Leclerc's car. More points finishes came with ninth in Singapore and seventh in Russia , before retirements from a mechanical failure in Japan and damage from a collision with Romain Grosjean in the United States . He ended the season with three consecutive seventh-place finishes in the final three races. Leclerc out-qualified teammate Ericsson seventeen times from twenty-one races and finished 13th in the championship with 39 points. [56] [57] Ferrari (2019–present) 2019 season Leclerc at the 2019 Chinese Grand Prix Scuderia Ferrari signed Leclerc for the 2019 season, replacing 2007 World Champion Kimi Räikkönen , who took his place at Sauber (then racing as Alfa Romeo ). [58] [59] While initially only announced for 2019, a few days later, then-Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene indicated that Leclerc's contract was going to be four seasons long, running "at least until 2022." [60] Leclerc made his first test day as an official Ferrari race driver in November 2018 during the end of season test. [61] In his first Grand Prix driving for Ferrari, he started and finished in the fifth position at the Australian Grand Prix . In his second qualifying for Ferrari, at the Bahrain Grand Prix , he qualified on pole position for the first time in his Formula One career, having the fastest times in two of the three practice sessions and in all three qualifying sessions, setting a new track record, and becoming the youngest Ferrari pole-sitter. [62] [63] Leclerc led for the majority of the race, but lost the lead and was overtaken by Lewis Hamilton and Valtteri Bottas due to his engine dropping a cylinder with a failed fuel injector. A late-race safety car prevented the charging Max Verstappen from taking third place, leading to the first podium of Leclerc's Formula One career. [64] In China , Leclerc qualified fourth behind his teammate, Sebastian Vettel . After overtaking Vettel during the start, he was asked to yield and let Vettel pass, eventually finishing the race in fifth. [65] In Azerbaijan , he was the favourite for pole position until a crash in the second qualifying session ended his contention. He started eighth after penalties for the two Alfa Romeos and finished the race fifth with an extra point for the fastest lap of the race. [66] At the following race in Monaco , he was eliminated in Q1 and started 15th due to Ferrari's erroneous strategy that kept him in the garage to save tyres, underestimating track evolution at the end of the qualifying session. He suffered a puncture and severe floor damage after a failed attempt to pass Nico Hülkenberg , leading to his second retirement at his home race. Leclerc qualified and finished third in Canada, his second podium finish, behind the controversial 1–2 finish of Hamilton and teammate Sebastian Vettel. He would finish third again in France . At the Austrian Grand Prix , he qualified on pole position, the second pole of his Formula One career. He subsequently finished second after colliding with Red Bull's Max Verstappen , having led for the major part of the race. [67] The incident was investigated by the stewards after the race, who deemed it a racing incident and decided against taking action. [68] Leclerc at the 2019 Austrian Grand Prix At the British Grand Prix , Leclerc qualified in third ahead of Max Verstappen . [69] He eventually finished the race in third place and was also voted 'Driver of the day' for defending his position against numerous attacks by Verstappen during the early stages of the race. [70] This was his fourth consecutive podium finish of the season. [71] Despite having finished in the top two in all the three practice sessions, Leclerc qualified in tenth place at the German Grand Prix after an issue with the fuel system prevented him from setting a lap time in the final qualifying session. [72] In what turned out to be a sensational rain-hit race, he made his way up to fourth in the early laps. A questionable tactic by his team's strategists of installing soft tyres despite the track being too wet culminated in him losing control and crashing into the barriers on lap 29, leading to his second retirement of the season. [73] At the Hungarian Grand Prix , Leclerc suffered a rear-end crash in qualifying but still completed the session. He ultimately finished the race in fourth place. Leclerc (right) defending his position from Hamilton (left) at the 2019 Italian Grand Prix At the first race after the summer break, the Belgian Grand Prix , Leclerc took his third pole position of the season alongside teammate Sebastian Vettel in second—the second Ferrari front-row lockout of the season. During the race, Leclerc fended off the charging Mercedes of Lewis Hamilton to record his maiden Grand Prix win, making him the youngest ever Ferrari race winner. After the race, he dedicated his maiden victory to his former competitor Anthoine Hubert , who was killed in an accident during the previous day's Formula 2 feature race at the same circuit. At the Italian Grand Prix , Leclerc won the race from pole position after defending his position from both Mercedes drivers and became the first Ferrari driver to win at Monza since Fernando Alonso won there for the team in 2010 . [74] He scored his third consecutive pole in Singapore . Initially leading the race, he finished in second place after he was undercut by teammate Vettel. In Russia , he took his fourth consecutive pole position and his sixth of the season. Vettel passed Leclerc into the first corner and led for the first half of the race before the team orchestrated an undercut in Leclerc's favour to let him retake the lead. Vettel retired from the race shortly after with a hybrid system failure, bringing out the virtual safety car . This greatly benefited the Mercedes drivers, who made their pit stops and eventually finished the race ahead of Leclerc in third. [75] Leclerc qualified in second in Japan , but took damage in a first-lap collision with Max Verstappen. He would go on to finish the race in sixth place, his worst finish of the season. Leclerc took his seventh pole position of the year in Mexico after Verstappen—who had qualified in first place—was handed a grid penalty for a yellow flag infringement. He went on to finish the race in fourth place. After another fourth-place finish in the United States , a controversial collision with teammate Vettel caused Leclerc's third retirement of the season in Brazil , ending both drivers' races. Leclerc ended the season with a third-place finish in Abu Dhabi . Leclerc ended the 2019 season in fourth place in the championship with 264 points, ahead of teammate Vettel. During his first season at Ferrari, he recorded ten podium finishes, two wins, four fastest laps, and the most pole positions of any driver that season, with seven. Leclerc, therefore, became the first non-Mercedes driver to win the Pole Position Award . He also became the first Monégasque to win a Formula One World Championship Grand Prix (although Louis Chiron had won several Grands Prix before the inaugural championship in 1950 ). 2020 season Leclerc driving at the 2020 Tuscan Grand Prix Leclerc qualified seventh for the 2020 Austrian Grand Prix . The team struggled for pace in the race but due to the chaotic nature of the race recovered to finish second with Leclerc pulling off crucial overtaking manoeuvres on fresh tyres after the final restart. In the build-up to the Styrian Grand Prix weekend, Leclerc and Ferrari were investigated by the FIA after allegedly breaching the governing body's strict COVID-19 safety protocols after returning home to Monaco (with permission from his team) in between the Austrian and Styrian Grands Prix events with social media posts showing Leclerc socialising with fans, friends and his girlfriend. Leclerc initially denied any wrongdoing. [76] However, Leclerc and Scuderia Ferrari were given a warning after it was clear he had been in contact with people not included in his bubble. [77] [78] In the qualifying session for the 2020 Styrian Grand Prix , he ended up 11th fastest in a full wet session and was knocked out in Q2. He was demoted to 14th after receiving a three-place penalty for impeding Daniil Kvyat in the session. [79] In the race, Leclerc collided with his team-mate Sebastian Vettel on the first lap, causing them both to retire. [80] Despite the fact the stewards took no action – viewing the collision as a racing incident and gave no penalties to either driver – Leclerc accepted full responsibility for the collision saying in one of his post-race interviews, "I've been a total asshole, today I fucked it up". [81] At the next race, the Hungarian Grand Prix , Leclerc qualified sixth, one place behind Vettel. [82] In the race, Leclerc struggled with tyre wear and general lack of speed [ failed verification ] and finished in 11th place, five places behind teammate Vettel. [83] Leclerc qualified fourth at the British Grand Prix and went on to finish third, claiming the 12th podium finish of his F1 career and second of the season. [84] [85] For the 70th Anniversary Grand Prix Leclerc qualified eighth. [86] He subsequently pulled off a one-stop strategy to advance to fourth in the race. Before competing in the 70th Anniversary Grand Prix in 2020 at Silverstone , Leclerc reacted angrily to accusations that he was racist and opposed to the Black Lives Matter movement, responding by saying racism is "disgusting" and accusing headlines of attempting to manipulate his words. [87] The accusations came after he was one of six drivers who opted not to take a knee during the pre-race ceremonies of the opening events of the 2020 Formula One World Championship as part of the sports anti-racism campaign. He stated that he chose not to take a knee due to the negative political connotations he felt such a gesture could have. [88] At the 2020 Italian Grand Prix he qualified thirteenth but in the race, he crashed out at Parabolica on lap 24, while he was in fourth, thanks to a pitstop earlier than others who pitted during a Safety Car period. The crash caused a red flag. [89] Starting from round 12 at Portimão, Leclerc went on to take three consecutive top-5 finishes. At the rain-hit Turkish Grand Prix , Leclerc was running in third place after producing a comeback from 14th on the intermediate tyres. However, a mistake while attempting to pass Sergio Pérez for second on the final lap resulted in Leclerc running wide and losing the podium to teammate Vettel. The doubleheader in Bahrain was rather forgettable for Leclerc, who finished tenth in the first race and retired after a first-lap collision with Pérez in the second. At the final round in Abu Dhabi, both Ferraris lacked pace and finished outside the points, with Leclerc in 13th ahead of Vettel. [90] Leclerc finished the championship in eighth, scoring 98 points. 2021 season Leclerc at the 2021 Austrian Grand Prix At the beginning of the season, Leclerc extended his contract with Ferrari until the end of 2024. [91] Leclerc had a new teammate at Ferrari for 2021 with Carlos Sainz Jr. replacing Sebastian Vettel, who signed for Aston Martin . [92] Leclerc started the Bahrain Grand Prix in fourth behind Valtteri Bottas and finished sixth. [93] He then started fourth and also finished fourth at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix behind Lando Norris after struggling to keep his pace after the red flag at the middle of the race. He spent half of the race without a radio. [94] Leclerc then finished sixth at the Portuguese Grand Prix which placed him fifth in the points standings, above his teammate Sainz, who finished 11th in the race. He qualified on pole for his home event - the Monaco Grand Prix despite crashing in the final part of qualifying but was unable to start the race due to suffering a driveshaft issue on his way to the grid. [95] He qualified for back-to-back poles during Qualifying for the 2021 Azerbaijan Grand Prix ., [96] later finishing fourth. At the British Grand Prix at Silverstone , Leclerc qualified fourth but inherited the lead of the race on lap 1, passing Valtteri Bottas at the start and taking advantage of a collision between title rivals Verstappen and Hamilton . Leclerc held on to the lead of the race until 2 laps to go when he was ultimately caught and overtaken by Hamilton, finishing the race in second place and claiming his first and only podium of 2021. At the Hungarian Grand Prix , Leclerc was hit from the side by Lance Stroll on turn 1 and did not finish. In Italy , Leclerc finished in fifth, promoted to fourth after Sergio Perez's penalty. Leclerc took grid penalties in the 2021 Russian Grand Prix and started from 19th. He was in the top 5 at one point but fell to fifteenth by the end of the race after heavy rain fell and he was the last to pit for intermediate tyres.
In Turkey , Leclerc would qualify fourth, but would start third after engine penalties for Lewis Hamilton . [97] In Abu Dhabi , a decision to pit under a virtual safety car proved to be the wrong one as Leclerc failed to make up for the lost track position. This resulted in him finishing only tenth. Meanwhile, teammate Sainz finished third, moving him up to fifth in the drivers' standings and dropping Leclerc to seventh. This marked the first and only time Leclerc had been beaten by a teammate in his car racing career. [98] 2022 season Leclerc at the 2022 Australian Grand Prix Leclerc took pole in the season opening Bahrain Grand Prix , his tenth career F1 pole. [99] He won the Grand Prix, his and Ferrari's first Formula 1 victory since 2019, battling closely with Red Bull driver Max Verstappen throughout the race. His Ferrari teammate Carlos Sainz Jr. finished second for a Ferrari 1–2. Leclerc received 25 points, plus an additional 1 point for the fastest lap of the race, bringing his total to 26. The result meant he and Ferrari took the lead in the Drivers' and Constructors' Championship respectively. [100] In doing so, he led the Formula One World Championship for the first time, and also became the first-ever Monégasque driver to lead the Formula One World Championship. [101] After a second-place finish in the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix , Leclerc took a dominant victory in the Australian Grand Prix , achieving his first grand slam in Formula One, and Ferrari's first since the 2010 Singapore Grand Prix. [102] [103] At the Spanish Grand Prix , Leclerc led the race with a large margin until a power unit issue forced his retirement, handing Max Verstappen both the race victory and the World Championship lead. [104] After taking pole position at his home race in the Monaco Grand Prix , Leclerc finished the race in 4th place due to strategical error and a wet track. [105] The next race in Azerbaijan saw Leclerc retire from the lead yet again with a power unit failure, which put him at third in the drivers' standings behind Red Bull drivers Max Verstappen and Sergio Pérez . [106] Leclerc started 19th for the Canadian Grand Prix due to a grid penalty for exceeding his allocation for power unit components; he went on to finish the race in fifth. [107] Leclerc celebrating on the podium after winning the 2022 Austrian Grand Prix At the British Grand Prix , Leclerc finished fourth after losing out on pit strategy to his teammate. [108] Leclerc then took first place at the Austrian Grand Prix . [109] At the French Grand Prix he took pole position before crashing out of the race on lap 18, after making a mistake. [110] At the Hungarian Grand Prix he qualified third behind his teammate but finished the race sixth after a strategic error made by Ferrari to place him on the hard compound tyres, despite other drivers such as Fernando Alonso losing significant lap time on them, Max Verstappen eventually took the win despite qualifying tenth and extended his lead in the Formula One World Championship to Leclerc by 80 points. [111] [ failed verification ] [112] After the summer break was the Belgian Grand Prix which saw Leclerc start in 15th place, behind Verstappen as both drivers took grid place penalties for the use of additional power unit and gearbox elements. [113] Despite working his way through the grid well he had to pit eventually for mediums due to a tear-off in his brake ducts. The pitstop cost Leclerc a podium finish. In order to gain some more points in the Formula One World Championship he pitted for soft tyres, the fastest compound tyres, to get the fastest lap point but could not beat Verstappen's time of 1:49.354. Leclerc finished in 5th place in front of Fernando Alonso but suffered a 5-second time penalty for speeding in the pit lane, consequently finishing in 6th place. [114] At the Dutch Grand Prix , he admitted that he had 'stopped counting' the points deficit to Verstappen. [115] He started 2nd and finished 3rd after losing his second-place position to Mercedes' George Russell . Leclerc took pole position at Ferrari's home race in Italy at the Monza Circuit , but due to a team decision from Ferrari to pit under a Virtual safety car , he lost the race lead to Red Bull's Max Verstappen and took the checkered flag in second place due to the race ending under a safety car. [116] Leclerc took pole position at the Singapore Grand Prix , he finished in second place to Red Bull's Sergio Pérez who had taken the lead at the first corner. [117] In the final race of the 2022 season, at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix , Leclerc and Sergio Perez faced off for second place in the Drivers' Championship tied at an even 290 points each. Despite starting the race in P3, one place behind Perez in P2, Leclerc overtook his competitor and held on to finish P2 in the race, securing both 2nd place in the Drivers' Championship for himself as well as 2nd in the Constructors' Championship for Ferrari. 2023 season Leclerc ahead of teammate Carlos Sainz Jr. at the 2023 Austrian Grand Prix During the 2023 Bahrain Grand Prix , the first race of 2023 Formula One World Championship , Leclerc's car suffered technical problems, forcing the driver to end the race prematurely during lap 41 while on course for a third-place finish. [118] The following race, at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix , Leclerc took a ten-place grid penalty after a new set of control electronics was installed on his car in breach of the allowed quota for the season. Starting from 12th on the grid, Leclerc was able to recover to a seventh-place finish behind his teammate Carlos Sainz . [119] Leclerc retired for the second time in three races following a lap 1 collision with Lance Stroll at the Australian Grand Prix . [120] Leclerc scored his and Ferrari's first pole position of the 2023 season at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix , though he failed to convert it to a victory as Sergio Pérez took victory in both the sprint and main race. However, he was on the podium during both races. [121] In the Miami Grand Prix , Leclerc started seventh after crashing during Q3. He finished the race in the same position to cap off a frustrating weekend. In his home event the Monaco Grand Prix , he qualified third but started sixth after being given a three-place grid penalty for impeding Lando Norris during Q3. In the race, he finished sixth. In Spain , he qualified nineteenth and started the race from the pitlane. He would go on to finish eleventh in the race. In Canada Leclerc qualified eleventh and started tenth. His team opted not to pit during a safety car which left Leclerc and Sainz in fourth and fifth position respectively. The gamble would pay off, with both drivers building enough of a gap to those behind them to make a pit stop and rejoin in the same positions. Leclerc would finished the race fourth, less than five seconds shy of third-placed Hamilton. In Austria he started behind Verstappen on the front-row. Leclerc meanwhile qualified sixth for the sprint before penalties were applied that dropped him down to ninth. Leclerc finished twelfth in the sprint. During the main race, Leclerc remained behind Verstappen for a majority of the race before Verstappen had his mandatory stop on lap 24, which Leclerc was able to capitalise upon. This allowed him to lead a race, his first since Azerbaijan. Over the next nine laps, Verstappen would close up to him and overtake him with DRS. Leclerc would finish second in the race. Leclerc achieved his third podium finish of the season in the main race at the 2023 Belgian Grand Prix , after taking pole position in qualifying. He also achieved another pole position at the 2023 United States Grand Prix , however he finished 6th in the main race before being disqualified along with Lewis Hamilton due to their cars having excessive wear on their skid blocks. [122] In the following race at Mexico City , Ferrari locked out the front row in qualifying with Leclerc starting on pole. However, in the first corner of the race, Leclerc and Pérez collided, ending the race of the latter. Nevertheless, Leclerc finished third. The following weekend in São Paulo , Leclerc again qualified on the front row, behind poleman Max Verstappen. He crashed out on the formation lap of the race after a hydraulics issue at Ferradura, the same corner in which he crashed in the previous year's edition of the race. He managed to secure the 5th place in the Championship, although it was his teammate Carlos Sainz who achieved Ferrari's only win of the year in the Singapore Grand Prix, interrupting Red Bull's perfect winning streak. 2024 season Ahead of the 2024 season , Leclerc opted to extend his contract with Ferrari. [3] The length of the contract was not specified, although the press release published by Ferrari stated the deal would see Leclerc "wearing the Scuderia Ferrari race suit for several more seasons to come." [123] Leclerc finished fourth in the season opener after a battle with teammate Sainz. He achieved his first podium of the season in Jeddah while Oliver Bearman substituted for Sainz, the latter going into surgery due to appendicitis . Leclerc finished second in the Australian Grand Prix to teammate, Sainz to complete a Ferrari 1-2 finish, their first since Bahrain in 2022 . Leclerc picked up his third and fourth podium of the season in Miami and Imola , finishing third on both occasions. [124] [125] In May, Leclerc won the Monaco Grand Prix , his home race for the first time ever from pole position. He became the first Monégasque to win the Monaco GP since Louis Chiron in 1931 . [126] It was his sixth career wins to date. 2025 season Leclerc's teammate for 2025 is due to be seven-time World Driver's Champion Lewis Hamilton , who will replace Carlos Sainz Jr. on a 'multi-year contract'. [127] Driving style and reception Leclerc has a strong record of qualifying on pole positions, and currently holds the record for achieving the highest tally of pole positions without winning a World Championship. His driving style tends to favour a car with more oversteer and throughout his career his one lap pace has outperformed his race pace. He became the youngest recipient of the FIA pole position trophy for the most qualifying poles in the 2019 season. [128] Awards and honours Awards Year Ref. Autosport Awards Rookie of the Year 2017 [129] FIA Rookie of the Year 2017 [130] Autosport Awards Rookie of the Year 2018 [131] FIA Rookie of the Year 2018 [132] Confartigianato Motori Best Young Driver 2018 [133] Pole Position Trophy 2019 [134] Confartigianato Motori Driver of the Year 2020 [135] Monaco Medal of Honour [ it ] 2020 [136] Overtake of the Year Award 2023 [137] Other ventures and philanthropy Leclerc made an appearance in the film Le Grand Rendez-vous , a remake of the 1976 French short film C'était un rendez-vous . [138] [139] In 2020, Leclerc also became an endorsement model for Giorgio Armani . [140] In 2018, Leclerc was named Ambassador for the Princess Charlene of Monaco Foundation [ fr ] , helping to promote the benefits of learning to swim. [141] In 2020, Leclerc assisted the Red Cross of Monaco , delivering meals and transporting hospital equipment amid the COVID-19 pandemic in Monaco . [142] He also supported the Italian Red Cross fundraising campaigns, encouraging donations towards its relief efforts. [143] Leclerc voiced a character in the Italian-language dubbed version of Pixar 's Toy Story spin-off film Lightyear (2022). [144] In April 2023, Leclerc released his debut piano-composed single "AUS23 (1:1)", whose title is a reference to Ferrari's internal name for the 2023 Australian Grand Prix . His musical endeavours are managed by Verdigris Management. [145] In April 2024, Leclerc launched his own ice cream brand. [146] Discography Extended plays Title Details Peak chart positions SWI [147] Dreamers (with Sofiane Pamart ) Released: 16 February 2024 [148] Label: Verdigris, 88 Touches Formats: Physical , Digital download , streaming 92 Singles Title Year Peak chart positions Album or EP UK Down. [149] "AUS23 (1:1)" 2023 58 Non-album singles "MIA23 (1:2)" — "MON23 (1:3)" — "—" denotes a recording that did not chart or was not released in that territory. Karting record Karting career summary Season Series Team Position 2005 Championnat de France Regional PACA — Mini Kart 1st Coupe de France — Mini Kart 19th 2006 Championnat de France Regional PACA — Mini Kart 1st Coupe de France — Mini Kart 11th 2007 Championnat de France — Minime 22nd Championnat de France Regional PACA — Minime 2nd Trophée Claude Secq — Minime 1st 2008 Bridgestone Cup — Minime 5th Championnat de France — Minime 2nd 2009 Trophée de France — Cadet Coupe de France — Cadet 4th Championnat de France — Cadet 1st Bridgestone Cup — Cadet 1st Championnat de la Ligue Rhone Alpes — Cadet 1st 2010 South Garda Winter Cup — KF3 Maranello Kart Srl 18th WSK Euro Series — KF3 28th CIK-FIA World Cup — KF3 Sodikart 29th CIK-FIA Karting Academy Trophy 5th Monaco Kart Cup — KF3 1st Grand Prix Open Karting — KF3 2nd 2011 South Garda Winter Cup — KF3 Sodi Racing Team 8th Grand Prix Open Karting — KF3 44th Rotax Max Euro Challenge — Junior Sodi Racing Team 43rd WSK Euro Series — KF3 23rd CIK-FIA World Cup — KF3 Intrepid Driver Program 1st WSK Master Series — KF3 15th WSK Final Cup — KF3 2nd CIK-FIA Karting Academy Trophy Leclerc, Hervé 1st ERDF Masters Kart — Junior 1st 2012 South Garda Winter Cup — KF2 25th WSK Master Series — KF2 ART Grand Prix 20th Trofeo Andrea Margutti — KF2 7th Grand Prix Open Karting — KF2 10th CIK-FIA European Championship — KF2 ART Grand Prix 2nd WSK Euro Series — KF2 1st CIK-FIA World Cup — KF2 5th WSK Final Cup — KF2 5th CIK-FIA U18 World Championship Machac Racing 2nd SKUSA SuperNationals — TaG Senior ART Grand Prix America 4th 2013 South Garda Winter Cup — KZ2 ART Grand Prix 1st WSK Euro Series — KZ1 12th CIK-FIA European Championship — KZ 6th WSK Master Series — KZ2 4th CIK-FIA World Championship — KZ 2nd Sources: [150] [151] Racing record Racing career summary Season Series Team Races Wins Poles F/Laps Podiums Points Position 2014 Formula Renault 2.0 Alps Fortec Motorsports 14 2 1 0 7 199 2nd Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 6 0 0 0 3 0 NC† 2015 FIA Formula 3 European Championship Van Amersfoort Racing 33 4 3 5 13 363.5 4th Macau Grand Prix 1 0 0 0 1 N/A 2nd 2016 GP3 Series ART Grand Prix 18 3 4 4 8 202 1st 2017 Formula 2 Prema Racing 22 7 8 4 10 282 1st 2018 Formula One Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 Team 21 0 0 0 0 39 13th 2019 Formula One Scuderia Ferrari Mission Winnow 21 2 7 4 10 264 4th 2020 Formula One Scuderia Ferrari Mission Winnow 17 0 0 0 2 98 8th 2021 Formula One Scuderia Ferrari Mission Winnow 22 0 2 0 1 159 7th 2022 Formula One Scuderia Ferrari 22 3 9 3 11 308 2nd 2023 Formula One Scuderia Ferrari 22 0 5 0 6 206 5th 2024 Formula One Scuderia Ferrari 8 1 1 2 5 138* 2nd* Source: [152] † As Leclerc was a guest driver, he was ineligible for championship points. * Season still in progress. Complete Formula Renault 2.0 Alps Series results ( key ) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate fastest lap) Year Entrant 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Pos Points 2014 Fortec Motorsports IMO 1 Ret IMO 2 Ret PAU 1 6 PAU 2 2 RBR 1 4 RBR 2 4 SPA 1 3 SPA 2 3 MNZ 1 1 MNZ 2 1 MUG 1 2 MUG 2 2 JER 1 6 JER 2 7 2nd 199 Source: [ citation needed ] Complete FIA Formula 3 European Championship results ( key ) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate fastest lap) Year Entrant Engine 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 DC Points 2015 Van Amersfoort Racing Volkswagen SIL 1 12 SIL 2 2 SIL 3 1 HOC 1 3 HOC 2 2 HOC 3 1 PAU 1 3 PAU 2 2 PAU 3 3 MNZ 1 5 MNZ 2 Ret MNZ 3 3 SPA 1 1 SPA 2 6 SPA 3 2 NOR 1 1 NOR 2 3 NOR 3 4 ZAN 1 5 ZAN 2 Ret ZAN 3 10 RBR 1 6 RBR 2 4 RBR 3 6 ALG 1 6 ALG 2 7 ALG 3 7 NÜR 1 4 NÜR 2 5 NÜR 3 5 HOC 1 8 HOC 2 10 HOC 3 21 4th 363.5 Source: [ citation needed ] Complete GP3 Series results ( key ) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate fastest lap) Year Entrant 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Pos Points 2016 ART Grand Prix CAT FEA 1 CAT SPR 9 RBR FEA 1 RBR SPR Ret SIL FEA 2 SIL SPR 3 HUN FEA 6 HUN SPR 3 HOC FEA 5 HOC SPR 3 SPA FEA 1 SPA SPR 6 MNZ FEA 4 MNZ SPR Ret SEP FEA 3 SEP SPR 5 YMC FEA Ret YMC SPR 9 1st 202 Source: [ citation needed ] Complete FIA Formula 2 Championship results ( key ) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate points for the fastest lap of top ten finishers) Year Entrant 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 DC Points 2017 Prema Racing BHR FEA 3 BHR SPR 1 CAT FEA 1 CAT SPR 4 MON FEA Ret MON SPR 18† BAK FEA 1 BAK SPR 2 RBR FEA 1 RBR SPR Ret SIL FEA 1 SIL SPR 5 HUN FEA 4 HUN SPR 4 SPA FEA DSQ SPA SPR 5 MNZ FEA 17 MNZ SPR 9 JER FEA 1 JER SPR 7 YMC FEA 2 YMC SPR 1 1st 282 Source: [ citation needed ] † Did not finish, but was classified as he had completed more than 90% of the race distance. Complete Formula One results ( key ) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate fastest lap) Year Entrant Chassis Engine 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 WDC Points 2016 Haas F1 Team Haas VF-16 Ferrari 061 1.6 V6 t AUS BHR CHN RUS ESP MON CAN EUR AUT GBR TD HUN TD GER TD BEL ITA SIN MAL JPN USA MEX BRA TD ABU – – 2017 Sauber F1 Team Sauber C36 Ferrari 061 1.6 V6 t AUS CHN BHR RUS ESP MON CAN AZE AUT GBR HUN BEL ITA SIN MAL TD JPN USA TD MEX TD BRA TD ABU – – 2018 Alfa Romeo Sauber F1 Team Sauber C37 Ferrari 062 EVO 1.6 V6 t AUS 13 BHR 12 CHN 19 AZE 6 ESP 10 MON 18 † CAN 10 FRA 10 AUT 9 GBR Ret GER 15 HUN Ret BEL Ret ITA 11 SIN 9 RUS 7 JPN Ret USA Ret MEX 7 BRA 7 ABU 7 13th 39 2019 Scuderia Ferrari Mission Winnow Ferrari SF90 Ferrari 064 1.6 V6 t AUS 5 BHR 3 CHN 5 AZE 5 ESP 5 MON Ret CAN 3 FRA 3 AUT 2 GBR 3 GER Ret HUN 4 BEL 1 ITA 1 SIN 2 RUS 3 JPN 6 MEX 4 USA 4 BRA 18 † ABU 3 4th 264 2020 Scuderia Ferrari Mission Winnow Ferrari SF1000 Ferrari 065 1.6 V6 t AUT 2 STY Ret HUN 11 GBR 3 70A 4 ESP Ret BEL 14 ITA Ret TUS 8 RUS 6 EIF 7 POR 4 EMI 5 TUR 4 BHR 10 SKH Ret ABU 13 8th 98 2021 Scuderia Ferrari Mission Winnow Ferrari SF21 Ferrari 065/6 1.6 V6 t BHR 6 EMI 4 POR 6 ESP 4 MON DNS AZE 4 FRA 16 STY 7 AUT 8 GBR 2 HUN Ret BEL 8 ‡ NED 5 ITA 4 RUS 15 TUR 4 USA 4 MXC 5 SAP 5 QAT 8 SAU 7 ABU 10 7th 159 2022 Scuderia Ferrari Ferrari F1-75 Ferrari 066/7 1.6 V6 t BHR 1 SAU 2 AUS 1 EMI 6 2 MIA 2 ESP Ret MON 4 AZE Ret CAN 5 GBR 4 AUT 1 2 FRA Ret HUN 6 BEL 6 NED 3 ITA 2 SIN 2 JPN 3 USA 3 MXC 6 SAP 4 6 ABU 2 2nd 308 2023 Scuderia Ferrari Ferrari SF-23 Ferrari 066/10 1.6 V6 t BHR Ret SAU 7 AUS Ret AZE 3 2 MIA 7 MON 6 ESP 11 CAN 4 AUT 2 GBR 9 HUN 7 BEL 3 5 NED Ret ITA 4 SIN 4 JPN 4 QAT 5 USA DSQ 3 MXC 3 SAP DNS 5 LVG 2 ABU 2 5th 206 2024 Scuderia Ferrari Ferrari SF-24 Ferrari 066/12 1.6 V6 t BHR 4 SAU 3 AUS 2 JPN 4 CHN 4 4 MIA 3 2 EMI 3 MON 1 CAN ESP AUT GBR HUN BEL NED ITA AZE SIN USA MXC SAP LVG QAT ABU 2nd* 138* Source: [153] [154] † Did not finish, but was classified as he had completed more than 90% of the race distance. ‡ Half points awarded as less than 75% of race distance was completed. * Season still in progress. Notes ^ Beretta is the last Monégasque to compete in the sport. However, the Dutch driver Robert Doornbos raced with a Monégasque licence in 2005 . [54] References ^ Elizalde, Pablo (23 December 2019). "Charles Leclerc's Ferrari F1 deal extended until end of 2024 season" . Autosport . Archived from the original on 19 June 2022 . Retrieved 19 June 2022 . ^ "TIL that Leclerc's full name is Charles Marc Hervé Percival Leclerc" . streamable.com . Archived from the original on 13 May 2021 . Retrieved 11 November 2020 . ^ a b Cleeren, Filip (25 January 2024). "Leclerc signs Ferrari F1 contract extension" . Motorsport.com . Archived from the original on 25 January 2024 . Retrieved 25 January 2024 . ^ "Everything There is to Know About Charles Leclerc's Family: His Late Father and Racer Brother" . EssentiallySports . 15 November 2019. Archived from the original on 21 March 2022 . Retrieved 11 December 2020 . ^ "Hervé Leclerc passes away : CIKFIA" . CIKFIA . Archived from the original on 30 July 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ a b Kalinauckas, Valentin Khorounzhiy and Alex. "Charles Leclerc: Emotional Baku Formula 2 pole was for late father" . Autosport.com . Archived from the original on 8 August 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ "Interview: Ferrari-backed Charles Leclerc ready to take on F1" . Motorsport Week . 4 March 2018. Archived from the original on 14 July 2022 . Retrieved 24 June 2022 . ^ "LIVE with Charles Leclerc! (Interview with Will Buxton)" . F1 (official Facebook page). 25 May 2018. Archived from the original on 18 February 2022 . Retrieved 18 February 2022 . ^ Leclerc, Charles. "CHARLES LECLERC F2 Q&A Session (23.11.17)" . YouTube . Archived from the original on 21 March 2022 . Retrieved 23 November 2017 . ^ "Charles Leclerc" . allroadmanagement.com . All Road Management. Archived from the original on 6 July 2015 . Retrieved 2 January 2015 . ^ "Monaco Kart Cup – KF3 2010 standings" . driverdb.com . Driver Database. Archived from the original on 27 March 2019 . Retrieved 2 January 2015 . ^ "Karting details – the karting career of Charles Leclerc" . driverdb.com . Driver Database. Archived from the original on 14 September 2020 . Retrieved 2 January 2015 . ^ "All Road Management – About Us" . allroadmanagement.com . All Road Management. Archived from the original on 22 December 2016 . Retrieved 2 January 2015 . ^ "ART Grand Prix and Charles Leclerc conquered the WSK Euro Series championship in Zuera" . karting.art-grandprix.com . ART Grand Prix . 6 August 2012. Archived from the original on 2 January 2015 . Retrieved 2 January 2015 . ^ "Charles Leclerc" . karting.art-grandprix.com . ART Grand Prix . Archived from the original on 2 January 2015 . Retrieved 2 January 2015 . ^ "CIK-FIA World KZ Championship 2013 standings" . driverdb.com . Driver Database. Archived from the original on 27 March 2019 . Retrieved 2 January 2015 . ^ Goddard, Stephen (26 November 2013). "Leclerc teams up with Fortec for Alps campaign" . paddockscout.com . Paddock Scout. Archived from the original on 7 November 2018 . Retrieved 2 January 2015 . ^ Khorounzhiy, Valentin (6 July 2014). "Charles Leclerc grabs second win of Monza weekend" . paddockscout.com . Paddock Scout. Archived from the original on 3 December 2017 . Retrieved 2 January 2015 . ^ "Formula Renault 2.0 Alps 2014 standings" . driverdb.com . Driver Database. Archived from the original on 10 May 2021 . Retrieved 2 January 2015 . ^ "Leclerc takes Rookie Championship title" . fortecmotorsports.com . Fortec Motorsports . 8 October 2014. Archived from the original on 28 February 2015 . Retrieved 2 January 2015 . ^ Allen, Peter (18 December 2014). "PaddockScout Top 50 drivers of 2014: 20–11" . paddockscout.com . Paddock Scout. Archived from the original on 9 October 2017 . Retrieved 2 January 2015 . ^ Simmons, Marcus (14 January 2015). "Nicolas Todt protege Charles Leclerc secures F3 deal for 2015" . Autosport . Haymarket Publications . Archived from the original on 3 March 2016 . Retrieved 14 January 2015 . ^ Allen, Peter (11 April 2015). "Rosenqvist excluded from second qualifying, Leclerc inherits two poles" . paddockscout.com . Paddock Scout. Archived from the original on 3 June 2017 . Retrieved 12 April 2015 . ^ Allen, Peter (12 April 2015). "Charles Leclerc gets victory in final race of debut F3 weekend" . paddockscout.com . Paddock Scout. Archived from the original on 2 June 2017 . Retrieved 12 April 2015 . ^ Allen, Peter (3 May 2015). "Charles Leclerc wins wet third European F3 race at Hockenheim" . paddockscout.com . Paddock Scout. Archived from the original on 6 September 2017 . Retrieved 3 May 2015 . ^ "De Vries joins 2016 GP3 field with ART" . 24 February 2016. Archived from the original on 30 June 2018 . Retrieved 24 February 2016 . We have Charles Leclerc, Alexander Albon [neither confirmed yet], Jake Hughes, Jack Aitken and Kevin Jorg lining up on the grid and Antonio Fuoco is staying for another season. All these guys are capable of winning races ^ Allen, Peter (26 November 2016). "Leclerc is GP3 champion despite collision as De Vries wins" . formulascout.com . Archived from the original on 1 April 2019 . Retrieved 14 May 2017 . ^ "GP2: Ferrari juniors to Prema for 2017" . 28 November 2016. Archived from the original on 29 November 2016 . Retrieved 28 November 2016 . ^ Kalinauckas, Alex. "Bahrain Formula 2: Markelov beats Nato and Leclerc with late surge" . Autosport.com . Archived from the original on 25 June 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ Kalinauckas, Alex. "Bahrain Formula 2: Ferrari junior Leclerc beats Ghiotto and Rowland" . Autosport.com . Archived from the original on 8 August 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ "Leclerc scorches to feature victory – Formula 2" . www.fiaformula2.com . Archived from the original on 8 August 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ "Feature Race Press Conference, Barcelona – Formula 2" . www.fiaformula2.com . Archived from the original on 8 August 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ Kalinauckas, Alex. "Monaco F2: Rowland takes first win as Leclerc retires" . Autosport.com . Archived from the original on 8 August 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ "Monaco F2: De Vries takes maiden win in Rapax 1–2" . Motorsport.com . Archived from the original on 8 August 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ "Leclerc column: Moving on from Monaco misfortune" . Motorsport.com . Archived from the original on 8 August 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ Kalinauckas, Alex. "Baku F2: Ferrari junior Charles Leclerc wins red-flagged race" . Autosport.com . Archived from the original on 8 August 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ "Formula 2 – The Insider – Issue 4: So Close!" (PDF) . fiaformula2.com . Archived from the original (PDF) on 8 August 2017. ^ "Leclerc Makes it Five in Austria – Formula 2" . www.fiaformula2.com . Archived from the original on 9 August 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ "Leclerc soars to feature victory – Formula 2" . www.fiaformula2.com . Archived from the original on 12 September 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ Kalinauckas, Alex. "Artem Markelov wins Austria F2 sprint race, Charles Leclerc crashes" . Autosport.com . Archived from the original on 8 August 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ "Leclerc flies to five in Silverstone feature – Formula 2" . www.fiaformula2.com . Archived from the original on 20 October 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ "Rowland on top in dramatic Budapest feature – Formula 2" . www.fiaformula2.com . Archived from the original on 30 September 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ "Matsushita dominates Budapest sprint – Formula 2" . www.fiaformula2.com . Archived from the original on 1 October 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ "STATS TO CHAT – The Insider" . theinsider.fiaformula2.com . Archived from the original on 8 August 2017 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ a b "Leclerc column: How lap count mishap nearly delayed F2 title" . Motorsport.com . Archived from the original on 21 March 2022 . Retrieved 6 February 2018 . ^ "Results – Formula 2" . www.fiaformula2.com . Archived from the original on 12 November 2017 . Retrieved 6 February 2018 . ^ "Leclerc seals F2 title with Jerez win" . Autosport .com . Motorsport Network . 7 October 2017. Archived from the original on 8 March 2019 . Retrieved 8 October 2017 . ^ "Leclerc gets Ferrari and Haas development role" . 1 March 2016. Archived from the original on 30 June 2018 . Retrieved 1 March 2016 . ^ "Charles Leclerc: GP3 title key to 2017 F1 hopes" . 23 July 2016. Archived from the original on 31 December 2017 . Retrieved 6 September 2016 . ^ "Haas' Steiner: GP3's Leclerc to drive in GP2" . readmotorsport.com . 7 November 2016. Archived from the original on 2 July 2018 . Retrieved 1 January 2017 . ^ "Leclerc heads day one of Budapest test for Ferrari" . Formula1.com . Archived from the original on 2 July 2018 . Retrieved 8 August 2017 . ^ "Kimi Raikkonen praises Ferrari F1 prospect Charles Leclerc after contract extension" . Autoweek . 23 August 2017. Archived from the original on 15 July 2020 . Retrieved 30 May 2020 . ^ Noble, Jonathan (2 December 2017). "Sauber confirms Ericsson alongside Leclerc for 2018" . Motorsport.com . Motorsport Network . Archived from the original on 3 December 2017 . Retrieved 2 December 2017 . ^ "2005 FIA Formula One World Championship Classifications" . Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile . Archived from the original on 14 March 2006 . Retrieved 10 December 2017 . ^ "Brake disc failure to blame for Leclerc-Hartley collision" . formula1.com . 27 May 2018. Archived from the original on 21 March 2022 . Retrieved 5 June 2020 . ^ "2018 Formula One Etihad Airways Abu Dhabi Grand Prix – Race – Sunday" . Alfa Romeo Sauber F1. 25 November 2018 . Retrieved 1 December 2018 . ^ "2018 F1 qualifying data" . racefans.net . Archived from the original on 1 November 2020 . Retrieved 5 June 2020 . ^ "Charles Leclerc to drive for Scuderia Ferrari in 2019" . Scuderia Ferrari . 11 September 2018. Archived from the original on 11 September 2018 . Retrieved 11 September 2018 . ^ Mitchell, Scott (11 September 2018). "Ferrari confirms Leclerc for 2019 F1 season" . Motorsport.com. Archived from the original on 11 September 2018 . Retrieved 11 September 2018 . ^ Cooper, Adam (14 September 2018). "Ferrari signed Leclerc until at least 2022" . Motorsport.com. Archived from the original on 14 September 2018 . Retrieved 14 September 2018 . ^ Mitchell, Scott (28 November 2018). "Leclerc leads second morning of Abu Dhabi test" . Motorsport.com. Archived from the original on 28 November 2018 . Retrieved 28 November 2018 . ^ "Formula 1, Gp del Barhain: Hamilton vince ma ammette: "Meritava la Ferrari di Leclerc" " (in Italian). la Repubblica . 31 March 2019. Archived from the original on 31 March 2019 . Retrieved 31 March 2019 . ^ "Qualifying report and highlights for the 2019 Bahrain Grand Prix: Leclerc secures maiden pole in Bahrain as Ferrari lock-out front row" . formula1.com . 30 March 2019. Archived from the original on 16 April 2020 . Retrieved 24 May 2020 . ^ Mark Glendenning. "Ferrari identifies cause of Leclerc's Bahrain failure" . Racer. Archived from the original on 10 April 2019 . Retrieved 9 May 2019 . ^ James Galloway. "Ferrari expand on Charles Leclerc, Sebastian Vettel orders in China" . SkySports. Archived from the original on 10 May 2019 . Retrieved 9 May 2019 . ^ Nate Saunders. "Ferrari explains Charles Leclerc's Azerbaijan Grand Prix strategy" . ESPN. Archived from the original on 5 May 2019 . Retrieved 9 May 2019 . ^ "Austrian Grand Prix 2019 race report and highlights – Verstappen completes stunning comeback win in Austria" . www.formula1.com . Archived from the original on 1 July 2019 . Retrieved 1 July 2019 . ^ "Verstappen keeps Austrian Grand Prix victory after stewards' investigation" . www.formula1.com . Archived from the original on 2 July 2019 . Retrieved 2 July 2019 . ^ "Formula 1 – British Grand Prix 2019" . Archived from the original on 13 July 2019 . Retrieved 13 July 2019 . ^ "2019 British Grand Prix" . Archived from the original on 14 July 2019 . Retrieved 14 July 2019 . ^ "British Grand Prix" . Archived from the original on 17 January 2021 . Retrieved 14 July 2019 . ^ "German Grand Prix 2019 qualifying report: Hamilton snatches German GP pole as Ferrari suffer catastrophic double breakdown | Formula 1®" . www.formula1.com . Archived from the original on 27 July 2019 . Retrieved 27 July 2019 . ^ "German Grand Prix 2019 race report: Verstappen storms to sensational win in extraordinary rain-hit German Grand Prix" . www.formula1.com . Archived from the original on 29 July 2019 . Retrieved 29 July 2019 . ^ Ruthven, Graham (8 September 2019). "F1 news – Charles Leclerc holds off Mercedes to take victory at Monza" . Eurosport . Archived from the original on 21 March 2022 . Retrieved 25 May 2020 . ^ " 'Deliciously ironic' that Vettel failure inspired Hamilton victory – Mercedes" . www.formula1.com . 29 September 2019. Archived from the original on 30 September 2019 . Retrieved 30 September 2019 . ^ Noble, Jonathan (9 July 2020) Mercedes, Ferrari set for COVID protocols warning Archived 21 March 2022 at the Wayback Machine Motorsport.com ^ "Valtteri Bottas/Charles Leclerc home visits were 'allowed' " . PlanetF1 . 9 July 2020. Archived from the original on 21 March 2022 . Retrieved 10 July 2020 . ^ Leclerc warned over coronavirus breach Archived 10 July 2020 at the Wayback Machine PlanetF1 ^ Cooper, Adam (12 July 2020). "Leclerc hit with grid penalty for impeding Kvyat" . motorsport.com . Archived from the original on 13 July 2020 . Retrieved 12 July 2020 . ^ "Styrian Grand Prix 2020 race report and highlights: Lewis Hamilton eases to Styrian Grand Prix victory over Bottas as Ferraris collide" . formula1.com . 12 July 2020. Archived from the original on 16 July 2020 . Retrieved 13 July 2020 . ^ Thorn, Dan (12 July 2020). "Leclerc Says "I've Been An Asshole" As He Takes The Blame For The Vettel Collision" . WTF1 . Archived from the original on 15 July 2020 . Retrieved 14 July 2020 . ^ "Formula 1 Aramco Magyar Nagydij 2020 – Qualifying" . www.formula1.com . Archived from the original on 17 November 2020 . Retrieved 21 July 2020 . ^ "Formula 1 Aramco Magyar Nagydij 2020 – Race Result" . www.formula1.com . Archived from the original on 20 December 2020 . Retrieved 21 July 2020 . ^ "British Grand Prix 2020 – Qualifying" . formula1.com . Archived from the original on 17 November 2020 . Retrieved 6 August 2020 . ^ "British Grand Prix 2020 – Race" . formula1.com . Archived from the original on 7 January 2021 . Retrieved 6 August 2020 . ^ "P8 a 'realistic picture' of Ferrari performance says Leclerc after Silverstone qualifying" . formula1.com . 8 August 2020. Archived from the original on 18 September 2020 . Retrieved 9 August 2020 . ^ "Leclerc on racism accusations over not taking knee" . www.motorsport.com . 6 August 2020. Archived from the original on 6 August 2020 . Retrieved 6 August 2020 . ^ "Fourteen F1 drivers take a knee" . BBC Sport . 5 July 2020. Archived from the original on 15 August 2020 . Retrieved 6 August 2020 . ^ "Ferrari's F1 woes deepen outside the top 10 on home Italian GP grid" . Sky Sports . 6 September 2020. Archived from the original on 22 October 2020 . Retrieved 6 September 2020 . ^ "Formula 1 Etihad Airways Abu Dhabi Grand Prix 2020 – Race Result" . Formula1.com . 13 December 2020. Archived from the original on 7 October 2020 . Retrieved 13 December 2020 . ^ Elizalde, Pablo (23 December 2019). "Leclerc extends Ferrari F1 contract until 2024" . Motorsport.com. Archived from the original on 23 December 2019 . Retrieved 23 December 2019 . ^ Benson, Andrew (14 May 2020). "Ferrari sign Sainz & Ricciardo goes to McLaren for 2021 Formula 1 season" . BBC Sport. Archived from the original on 29 May 2020 . Retrieved 26 May 2020 . ^ "Formula 1 Gulf Air Bahrain Grand Prix 2021 – Race Result" . formula1.com. Archived from the original on 28 March 2021 . Retrieved 28 April 2021 . ^ "Charles Leclerc didn't have any team radio for half of the Emilia Romagna GP" . wtf1.com. 19 April 2021. Archived from the original on 29 April 2021 . Retrieved 28 April 2021 . ^ "Poleman Leclerc out of Monaco GP after pre-race drama" . 23 May 2021. Archived from the original on 23 May 2021 . Retrieved 23 May 2021 . ^ Benson, Andrew. "Azerbaijan Grand Prix: Charles Leclerc on pole position in Baku" . BBC Sport . Archived from the original on 5 June 2021 . Retrieved 5 June 2021 . ^ McDonagh, Conor (9 October 2021). "Why Leclerc setup made for tricky qualifying" . Archived from the original on 21 March 2022 . Retrieved 9 October 2021 . ^ Palmer, Jolyon (24 December 2021). "My star performers and stand-out moments from the 2021 season" . Archived from the original on 21 March 2022 . Retrieved 24 December 2021 . ^ Formula 1 (19 March 2022). " 'I knew it was a matter of time" says Leclerc after opening 2022 with pole position" . Formula1.com . Archived from the original on 21 March 2022 . Retrieved 20 March 2022 . {{ cite web }} :  CS1 maint: numeric names: authors list ( link ) ^ Richards, Giles (20 March 2022). "Charles Leclerc wins dramatic Bahrain F1 GP as Ferrari bring home one-two" . Theguardian.com . Archived from the original on 20 March 2022 . Retrieved 20 March 2022 . ^ "Bahrain Grand Prix Facts & Stats: Ferrari end 45-race win drought, Zhou scores on debut" . www.formula1.com . Archived from the original on 21 March 2022 . Retrieved 21 March 2022 . ^ "Charles Leclerc Wins F1's Australian Grand Prix, Verstappen Retires Again" . Jalopnik . 10 April 2022. Archived from the original on 10 April 2022 . Retrieved 10 April 2022 . ^ "2022 Australian Grand Prix race report and highlights: Dominant Leclerc beats Perez to Australian GP win as Verstappen retires" . www.formula1.com . Archived from the original on 16 April 2022 . Retrieved 10 April 2022 . ^ "Ferrari Formula 1 - Charles Leclerc" . Ferrari. Archived from the original on 22 May 2022 . Retrieved 22 May 2022 . ^ "Charles Leclerc slams Ferrari mistakes at Monaco GP: 'We cannot do that... it hurts a lot' " . Sky Sports . Archived from the original on 2 June 2022 . Retrieved 2 June 2022 . ^ "Verstappen wins in Azerbaijan as Leclerc retires" . BBC Sport . Archived from the original on 14 June 2022 . Retrieved 14 June 2022 . ^ "Leclerc calls Canadian GP 'super-frustrating' despite recovering from back row to P5" . formula1.com . Archived from the original on 24 June 2022 . Retrieved 8 October 2022 . ^ "Ferrari explains decision not to pit Leclerc under late British GP safety car" . www.autosport.com . 3 July 2022. Archived from the original on 4 July 2022 . Retrieved 11 November 2022 . ^ " 'I definitely needed that one' says Leclerc, after taking first win in three months in Austrian Grand Prix" . Formula 1 . Archived from the original on 8 October 2022 . Retrieved 8 October 2022 . ^ "Verstappen wins after Leclerc crashes out from lead" . BBC Sport . Archived from the original on 26 July 2022 . Retrieved 26 July 2022 . ^ "Standings" . Formula 1.com . Archived from the original on 28 October 2014 . Retrieved 24 August 2022 . ^ "How Ferrari got its strategy so wrong in Hungary" . ESPN.com . 1 August 2022. Archived from the original on 24 August 2022 . Retrieved 24 August 2022 . ^ "Verstappen fastest in qualifying but Sainz set to start on pole after Belgian GP grid penalties" . Formula 1.com . Archived from the original on 29 August 2022 . Retrieved 8 October 2022 . ^ "2022 Belgian Grand Prix race report and highlights: Verstappen cruises to Belgian Grand Prix victory from P14 as Perez completes Red Bull 1-2" . formula1.com . Archived from the original on 29 August 2022 . Retrieved 25 September 2022 . ^ "Leclerc has 'stopped counting' F1 points deficit to Verstappen" . The Race . 2 September 2022. Archived from the original on 25 September 2022 . Retrieved 25 September 2022 . ^ "Verstappen beats Leclerc to Monza win as race ends behind Safety Car · RaceFans" . RaceFans . 11 September 2022. Archived from the original on 2 October 2022 . Retrieved 2 October 2022 . ^ "Singapore GP: Sergio Perez holds off Charles Leclerc for victory in chaotic race as Max Verstappen denied title" . Sky Sports . Archived from the original on 3 October 2022 . Retrieved 3 October 2022 . ^ Beer, Matt; Mitchell-Malm, Scott; Straw, Edd (5 March 2023). " 'A second off' - Leclerc despondent at poor Ferrari pace and DNF" . The Race . Archived from the original on 5 March 2023 . Retrieved 6 March 2023 . ^ "Perez fends off Verstappen to win action-packed Saudi Arabian GP as Alonso takes 100th podium" . Formula 1 . 19 March 2023. Archived from the original on 19 March 2023 . Retrieved 9 May 2023 . ^ Cleeren, Filip (4 April 2023). "Frustrated Leclerc says F1 2023 his "worst ever start" to a season" . Motorsport.com . Archived from the original on 9 May 2023 . Retrieved 9 May 2023 . ^ "Perez heads Red Bull one-two in dramatic Azerbaijan GP to cut Verstappen's championship lead" . Formula 1 . 30 April 2023. Archived from the original on 7 May 2023 . Retrieved 9 May 2023 . ^ "Hamilton and Leclerc disqualified from the United States Grand Prix for technical breach" . Formula 1 . 22 October 2023. Archived from the original on 26 October 2023 . Retrieved 26 October 2023 . ^ "Scuderia Ferrari and Charles Leclerc moving forward together" . www.ferrari.com . Archived from the original on 22 February 2024 . Retrieved 22 February 2024 . ^ "Norris beats Verstappen for breakthrough maiden F1 victory" . Formula 1® - The Official F1® Website . Retrieved 27 May 2024 . ^ "2024 Emilia Romagna Grand Prix race report and highlights: Verstappen holds off thrilling late charge from Norris to win Emilia-Romagna Grand Prix | Formula 1®" . Formula 1® - The Official F1® Website . Retrieved 27 May 2024 . ^ "Best facts and stats after the Grand Prix in Monaco" . Formula 1® - The Official F1® Website . Retrieved 27 May 2024 . ^ "Team statement" . www.ferrari.com . Archived from the original on 2 February 2024 . Retrieved 1 February 2024 . ^ "Is Leclerc the fastest driver in F1?" . 11 June 2022. Archived from the original on 3 July 2022 . Retrieved 11 September 2023 . ^ Cozens, Jack (3 December 2017). "Autosport Awards 2017 – Rookie of the Year: Charles Leclerc" . Autosport.com . Archived from the original on 21 March 2022 . Retrieved 20 January 2021 . ^ "Charles Leclerc – The Rookie of the Year" . MOTORLAT . 10 December 2017. Archived from the original on 13 May 2021 . Retrieved 20 January 2021 . ^ Errington, Tom (2 December 2018). "Charles Leclerc wins Autosport Awards Rookie of the Year again" . Autosport.com . Archived from the original on 3 December 2018 . Retrieved 20 January 2021 . ^ "Charles Leclerc crowned Rookie of the Year at FIA Prize Giving | Formula 1®" . www.formula1.com . 8 December 2018. Archived from the original on 8 December 2018 . Retrieved 20 January 2021 . ^ Admin (6 September 2018). "Confartigianato motori 2018 awards" . APA Confartigianato Imprese Milano Monza e Brianza (in Italian). Archived from the original on 13 May 2021 . Retrieved 20 January 2021 . ^ "Leclerc clinches 2019 pole position prize – despite being fourth fastest" . www.formula1.com . 16 November 2019. Archived from the original on 17 November 2019 . Retrieved 20 January 2021 . ^ "MOTORI – Consegnati i riconoscimenti della 38° edizione del Premio Confartigianato Motori" . www.confartigianato.it (in Italian). 4 September 2020. Archived from the original on 14 April 2021 . Retrieved 20 January 2021 . ^ "Charles Leclerc receives Monaco's Medal of Honour" . HelloMonaco . 27 January 2020. Archived from the original on 26 February 2021 . Retrieved 20 January 2021 . ^ "Crypto.com Overtake of the Year Award" . Formula 1 . 15 December 2023. Archived from the original on 1 October 2023 . Retrieved 21 December 2023 . ^ "F1's Charles Leclerc drives Monaco for controversial film remake" . www.motorsport.com . 24 May 2020. Archived from the original on 6 July 2020 . Retrieved 24 May 2020 . ^ "Leclerc to star in 'C'etait un Rendezvous' entitled 'Un Grand Rendez-vous' remake" . www.planetf1.com . 21 May 2020. Archived from the original on 31 May 2020 . Retrieved 24 May 2020 . ^ Nash, Brad (19 May 2020). "F1 Young Gun Charles Leclerc Is The New Face Of Giorgio Armani" . GQ . Archived from the original on 13 May 2021 . Retrieved 4 January 2021 . ^ "F1 driver Charles Leclerc Named Ambassador for the Princess Charlene of Monaco Foundation – Princess Charlene of Monaco foundation" . Fondation Princesse Charlène de Monaco . Archived from the original on 8 May 2016 . Retrieved 29 April 2021 . ^ "Leclerc speeds up Monaco Red Cross coronavirus logistics" . F1i.com . May 2020. Archived from the original on 2 May 2020 . Retrieved 29 April 2021 . ^ Delaney, Michael (10 April 2020). "Leclerc helps support Italian Red Cross fundraising efforts" . F1i.com . Archived from the original on 29 April 2021 . Retrieved 29 April 2021 . ^ Walsh, Fergal (25 May 2022). "Leclerc and Sainz get voice roles in new Buzz Lightyear movie" . Motorsport Week . Archived from the original on 30 June 2022 . Retrieved 22 June 2022 . ^ Smith, Luke. "Charles Leclerc's music was a hobby. Now it's a vital – and popular – 'off switch' " . The Athletic . Archived from the original on 6 June 2023 . Retrieved 6 June 2023 . ^ Osten, Phillip van (12 April 2024). "Speedy scoops: Leclerc's icy new venture hits the frozen aisle" . F1i.com . Archived from the original on 20 April 2024 . Retrieved 14 April 2024 . ^ "Charles Leclerc & Sofiane Pamart – Dreamers" . Swiss Hitparade . Archived from the original on 20 May 2024 . Retrieved 20 May 2024 . ^ "DREAMERS - EP - Album by Charles Leclerc & Sofiane Pamart" . Apple Music . Archived from the original on 16 February 2024 . Retrieved 16 February 2024 . ^ "Charles Leclerc | full Official Chart History" . Official Charts Company . Archived from the original on 17 February 2024 . Retrieved 17 February 2024 . ^ "Charles Leclerc | Racing career profile | Driver Database" . www.driverdb.com . Archived from the original on 14 September 2020 . Retrieved 30 November 2021 . ^ kartcom (13 March 2019). "Leclerc Charles" (in French). Archived from the original on 30 November 2021 . Retrieved 30 November 2021 . ^ "Scuderia Ferrari Team: Charles Leclerc - Ferrari.com" . www.ferrari.com . Retrieved 27 May 2024 . ^ "Charles LECLERC - Seasons" . www.statsf1.com . Archived from the original on 23 October 2022 . Retrieved 11 April 2024 . ^ "Charles LECLERC - Involvement" . www.statsf1.com . Archived from the original on 2 March 2024 . Retrieved 11 April 2024 . External links Wikimedia Commons has media related to Charles Leclerc . Official website Charles Leclerc career summary at DriverDB.com Charles Leclerc sporting positions Sporting positions Preceded by Antonio Fuoco Formula Renault 2.0 Alps Junior Champion 2014 Succeeded by Matevos Isaakyan Preceded by Esteban Ocon FIA Formula 3 European Championship Rookie Champion 2015 Succeeded by Joel Eriksson Preceded by Esteban Ocon GP3 Series Champion 2016 Succeeded by George Russell Preceded by Pierre Gasly (GP2 Series) FIA Formula 2 Championship Champion 2017 Succeeded by George Russell Awards Preceded by Kevin Hansen FIA Rookie of the Year 2017–2018 Succeeded by Alexander Albon Preceded by Pascal Wehrlein Autosport Awards Rookie of the Year 2017–2018 Succeeded by Alexander Albon Preceded by Lewis Hamilton FIA Pole Trophy 2019 Succeeded by Lewis Hamilton Preceded by Antonio Giovinazzi Lorenzo Bandini Trophy 2021 Succeeded by Kevin Magnussen Preceded by Max Verstappen FIA Pole Trophy 2022 Succeeded by Max Verstappen v t e Formula One teams Teams and drivers competing in the 2024 Formula One World Championship Alpine - Renault Aston Martin Aramco - Mercedes Ferrari Haas - Ferrari Kick Sauber - Ferrari 10. Pierre Gasly 31. Esteban Ocon 14. Fernando Alonso 18. Lance Stroll 16. Charles Leclerc 55. Carlos Sainz Jr. 38. Oliver Bearman 20. Kevin Magnussen 27. Nico Hülkenberg 24. Zhou Guanyu 77. Valtteri Bottas McLaren - Mercedes Mercedes RB - Honda RBPT Red Bull Racing - Honda RBPT Williams - Mercedes 4. Lando Norris 81. Oscar Piastri 44. Lewis Hamilton 63. George Russell 3. Daniel Ricciardo 22. Yuki Tsunoda 1. Max Verstappen 11. Sergio Pérez 2. Logan Sargeant 23. Alexander Albon v t e Scuderia Ferrari Drivers Race drivers 16. Charles Leclerc 55. Carlos Sainz Jr. Test and reserve drivers 99. Antonio Giovinazzi (reserve) Robert Shwartzman (test) Ferrari Driver Academy Arthur Leclerc Dino Beganovic James Wharton Maya Weug Oliver Bearman Rafael Câmara Laura Camps Torras David Tonizza Brendon Leigh Giovanni de Salvo F1 world champions Alberto Ascari Juan Manuel Fangio Mike Hawthorn Phil Hill John Surtees Niki Lauda Jody Scheckter Michael Schumacher Kimi Räikkönen F1 race winners José Froilán González Alberto Ascari Piero Taruffi Mike Hawthorn Giuseppe Farina Maurice Trintignant Juan Manuel Fangio Luigi Musso Peter Collins Tony Brooks Phil Hill Wolfgang von Trips Giancarlo Baghetti John Surtees Lorenzo Bandini Ludovico Scarfiotti Jacky Ickx Clay Regazzoni Mario Andretti Niki Lauda Carlos Reutemann Gilles Villeneuve Jody Scheckter Didier Pironi Patrick Tambay René Arnoux Michele Alboreto Gerhard Berger Nigel Mansell Alain Prost Jean Alesi Michael Schumacher Eddie Irvine Rubens Barrichello Felipe Massa Kimi Räikkönen Fernando Alonso Sebastian Vettel Charles Leclerc Carlos Sainz Jr. Personnel Current John Elkann (president) Benedetto Vigna (chief executive officer) Piero Ferrari (vice chairman) Frédéric Vasseur (team principal) Riccardo Adami Loïc Bigois Enrico Cardile Jock Clear Enrico Gualtieri [ pt ] Diego Ioverno Ravin Jain [ pt ] Xavier Marcos Padros Fabio Montecchi Enrico Racca [ pt ] Iñaki Rueda Carlo Santi Matteo Togninalli Former Enzo Ferrari (founder) Ben Agathangelou James Allison Mario Almondo Alberto Antonini Maurizio Arrivabene Giorgio Ascanelli Daniele Audetto Luca Badoer Luca Baldisserri John Barnard Dario Benuzzi Mattia Binotto Ross Brawn Gustav Brunner Marcin Budkowski Ruth Buscombe Rory Byrne Louis C. Camilleri Giacomo Caliri Carlo Chiti Gioacchino Colombo Valerio Colotti Aldo Costa Toni Cuquerella [ es ] Dirk de Beer Stefano Domenicali Henri Durand Chris Dyer Marco Fainello Gianfranco Fantuzzi [ pl ] Alfredo Ferrari Cesare Fiorio Mauro Forghieri Pat Fry Hirohide Hamashima Diane Holl John Iley Vittorio Jano Aurelio Lampredi Claudio Lombardi Ignazio Lunetta Sergio Marchionne Luca Marmorini Neil Martin Paolo Martinelli Alberto Massimino Marco Mattiacci Laurent Mekies Jean-Claude Migeot [ pl ] Jan Monchaux Luca Cordero di Montezemolo Steve Nichols Ossi Oikarinen Marco Piccinini Nicolò Petrucci Harvey Postlethwaite Simone Resta Massimo Rivola David Sanchez Lorenzo Sassi Enrique Scalabroni Michael Schumacher Gilles Simon Rob Smedley Andrea Stella Nigel Stepney Romolo Tavoni Rob Taylor Antonia Terzi Jean Todt Willem Toet Nikolas Tombazis Joan Villadelprat Cars Formula One 125 212 275 340 375 500 553 625 555 D50 801 246 256 246 P 156 158 1512 246 F1-66 312 312B 312T 126C 156/85 F1/86 F1/87 640 641 642 643 F92A F93A 412 T1 412 T2 F310 F300 F399 F1-2000 F2001 F2002 F2003-GA F2004 F2005 248 F1 F2007 F2008 F60 F10 150º Italia F2012 F138 F14 T SF15-T SF16-H SF70H SF71H SF90 SF1000 SF21 F1-75 SF-23 SF-24 Formula Two 166 F2 500 F2 553 F2 Dino 156 F2 156 F2 Dino 166 F2 IndyCar/CART 375 Indy 326 MI 412 MI 637 Sports cars 166 S/SC/MM 166 MM Le Mans 195 S 275 S 340 America 212 Export 225 S 250 S 250 MM 340 Mexico & MM 375 MM 375 Plus 625 TF 735 S 500 Mondial 250 Monza 750 Monza 500 TR 857 S 376 S 735 LM 410 S 860 Monza 625 LM Dino 196 S & 296 S & 246 S 500 TRC 290 MM 290 S 315 S 335 S 250 GT Berlinetta 412 S 250 Testa Rossa 246 SP & 196 SP & 286 SP 248 SP & 268 SP 250 GTO 330 TRI/LM 330 LMB 250 P, 275 P & 330 P 275 P2, 330 P2 & 365 P2 250 LM 330 P3 330 P3/4 & P4 Dino 166 P & 206 SP Dino 206 S 212 E 612P 312 P 512 S & 512 M 712P 312 PB 333 SP 499P Engines Current Turbocharged V6 Hybrid (2014–present) Past L4 (1952–1956) V6 (1958–1966) Turbocharged V6 (1981–1988) V8 (1956–1958, 1964–1965, 2006–2013) V10 (1996–2005) V12 (1950–1951, 1964–1980, 1989–1995) Formula One titles Drivers' titles 1952 1953 1956 1958 1961 1964 1975 1977 1979 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2007 Constructors' titles 1961 1964 1975 1976 1977 1979 1982 1983 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2007 2008 Related Dino Driver Academy Grand Prix racing history Grand Prix results Engine customers Non-championship Formula One results Prancing Horse Tifosi Category:Ferrari Commons:Scuderia Ferrari v t e Sauber F1 Team Founder Peter Sauber Current Andreas Seidl (Chief Executive Officer) Alessandro Alunni Bravi (Team Principal) James Key (Technical Director) 2024 drivers Valtteri Bottas Zhou Guanyu Notable personnel Mariano Alperin [ ja ] Alessandro Alunni Bravi Ruth Buscombe Elliot Dason-Barber Dirk de Beer André de Cortanze Jost Capito Jacky Eeckelaert Luca Furbatto Eric Gandelin René Hilhorst [ ja ] Nicolas Hennel Monisha Kaltenborn James Key Mike Krack Jan Monchaux Matt Morris Seamus Mullarkey Steve Nichols Tom McCullough John Owen Xevi Pujolar Willy Rampf Leo Ress [ ja ] Simone Resta Sergio Rinland Andreas Seidl Loïc Serra Mark Smith Julien Simon-Chautemps Willem Toet Mario Theissen Frédéric Vasseur Pierre Waché Ben Waterhouse Max Welti Ian Wright Jörg Zander Beat Zehnder Christoph Zimmermann Notable drivers Karl Wendlinger Heinz-Harald Frentzen Johnny Herbert Jean Alesi Nick Heidfeld Kimi Räikkönen Felipe Massa Giancarlo Fisichella Jacques Villeneuve Robert Kubica Sebastian Vettel Kamui Kobayashi Sergio Pérez Marcus Ericsson Charles Leclerc Former drivers See category Sportscars C1 C2 C3 C4 C5 SHS C6 C7 C8 C9 C11 C291 C292 Formula One cars C12 C13 C14 C15 C16 C17 C18 C19 C20 C21 C22 C23 C24 F1.06 F1.07 F1.08 F1.09 C29 C30 C31 C32 C33 C34 C35 C36 C37 Alfa Romeo title sponsorship C38 C39 C41 C42 C43 C44 v t e Winners of Autosport ' s Rookie of the Year 2000: Jenson Button 2001: Juan Pablo Montoya 2002: Mark Webber 2003: Dan Wheldon 2004: A. J. Allmendinger 2005: Tiago Monteiro 2006–07: Lewis Hamilton 2008: Sebastian Vettel 2009: Kris Meeke 2010: Kamui Kobayashi 2011: Paul di Resta 2012: Mathéo Tuscher 2013: Jules Bianchi 2014: Daniil Kvyat 2015: Max Verstappen 2016: Pascal Wehrlein 2017–18: Charles Leclerc 2019: Alexander Albon 2020–21: Oscar Piastri 2022: Zhou Guanyu v t e GP3 Series / F3 Drivers' Champions 2010 E. Gutiérrez 2011 V. Bottas 2012 M. Evans 2013 D. Kvyat 2014 A. Lynn 2015 E. Ocon 2016 C. Leclerc 2017 G. Russell 2018 A. Hubert 2019 R. Shwartzman 2020 O. Piastri 2021 D. Hauger 2022 V. Martins v t e GP2 Series / FIA Formula 2 Drivers' Champions 2005 N. Rosberg 2006 L. Hamilton 2007 T. Glock 2008 G. Pantano 2009 N. Hülkenberg 2010 P. Maldonado 2011 R. Grosjean 2012 D. Valsecchi 2013 F. Leimer 2014 J. Palmer 2015 S. Vandoorne 2016 P. Gasly 2017 C. Leclerc 2018 G. Russell 2019 N. de Vries 2020 M. Schumacher 2021 O. Piastri 2022 F. Drugovich 2023 T. Pourchaire v t e Formula One drivers from Monaco Louis Chiron ( 1950 – 1951 , 1953 , 1955 – 1956 , 1958 ) André Testut ( 1958 – 1959 ) Olivier Beretta ( 1994 ) Robert Doornbos ( 2005 ) Charles Leclerc ( 2018 –present) Authority control databases International VIAF 2 National Germany United States Artists MusicBrainz Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Charles_Leclerc&oldid=1226121625 " Categories : 1997 births ART Grand Prix drivers FIA Formula 2 Championship drivers FIA Formula 3 European Championship drivers Formula One race winners Formula Renault 2.0 Alps drivers Formula Renault Eurocup drivers GP3 Series Champions GP3 Series drivers Karting World Championship drivers Living people Monegasque Formula One drivers Sauber Formula One drivers Ferrari Formula One drivers Monegasque racing drivers People from Monte Carlo Prema Powerteam drivers Van Amersfoort Racing drivers FIA Formula 2 Champions Fortec Motorsport drivers Monegasque Twitch (service) streamers Hidden categories: CS1 Italian-language sources (it) Webarchive template wayback links CS1 maint: numeric names: authors list CS1 French-language sources (fr) Articles with short description Short description is different from Wikidata Wikipedia semi-protected pages EngvarB from February 2019 Use dmy dates from July 2023 Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia Biography with signature Articles with hCards Pages with French IPA All articles with failed verification Articles with failed verification from October 2022 All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from March 2024 Pages using small with an empty input parameter Commons category link from Wikidata Articles with VIAF identifiers Articles with GND identifiers Articles with LCCN identifiers Articles with MusicBrainz identifiers Toggle limited content width
Style Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Entertainment Who is Charles Leclerc’s glamorous girlfriend, Alexandra Saint Mleux? The F1 Ferrari driver has been linked to the TikTok influencer since 2023 – and she looks eerily similar to his ex, Charlotte Sine STORY Faye Bradley Apr 18 , 2024 TikTok influencer Alexandra Saint Mleux and Ferrari Formula One driver Charles Leclerc at the Monte-Carlo Masters, in April, in Monaco. Photo: WireImage Charles Leclerc and his girlfriend reportedly just made an appearance together at the Monte-Carlo Masters men’s doubles final on Sunday. Alexandra Saint Mleux and Charles Leclerc at the Monte-Carlo Masters in April, in Monaco. Photo: WireImage The couple looked fashionable as ever, with Leclerc sporting a striped white suit, and his girlfriend donning a light and airy sundress with simple jewellery and a beige clutch. Charles Leclerc and Alexandra Saint Mleux attend a basketball game between the Los Angeles Lakers and the Portland Trail Blazers in November 2023, in Los Angeles, California. Photo: Getty Images Leclerc, 26, and Saint Mleux, reportedly around 21, rarely make public appearances together, but when they do, it attracts quite a bit of attention. Alexandra Saint Mleux, girlfriend of Charles Leclerc, walks in the paddock during the Brazilian Grand Prix in November 2023, in São Paulo. Photo: Getty Images Here’s what we know about the glam girlfriend of the Scuderia Ferrari Formula One driver. Alexandra Saint Mleux is a social media influencer Alexandra Saint Mleux walks in the paddock during practice and qualifying ahead of the Brazilian Grand Prix in November 2023, in São Paulo. Photo: Getty Images Alexandra Saint Mleux is very private about her love life, but she does have a large following on TikTok. She boasts a third of a million followers on the platform at the time of writing, where she shares snippets of her travels, as well as cooking adventures and make-up tutorials. She’s artsy Alexandra Saint Mleux enters the paddock during practice ahead of the Mexican Grand Prix, in Mexico City, in October 2023. Photo: Getty Images Although her Instagram page is private, Saint Mleux does have another account dedicated to her love of art. She posts cropped-in images of famous artworks, from Renaissance-period to more modern pieces. When did Alexandra Saint Mleux and Charles Leclerc start dating? Alexandra Saint Mleux at a EuroLeague basketball match between AS Monaco and Olympiacos Piraeus, in November 2023, in Monte Carlo. Photo: EuroLeague Basketball via Getty Images It’s unclear when they started dating exactly, but People noted that eagle-eyed fans of the Monégasque racing driver spotted Saint Mleux in the background of a TikTok video taken of him at Paris Fashion Week in March 2023. In May, she was seen at the Monaco Grand Prix, with the pair attending Wimbledon together in July. Who else has Charles Leclerc dated? Charles Leclerc is set to remain with Scuderia Ferrari until at least the 2028 season. Photo: @charles_leclerc/Instagram Leclerc has had two public relationships before Saint Mleux. He reportedly dated model Giada Gianni from 2015 to 2019. He then had a thing with architecture student Charlotte Sine, who he’s known since he was a teen. The pair broke up in December 2022 after three years. Netizens have noticed that Sine is quite similar looking to Leclerc’s current belle, Saint Mleux, and they even have a mutual interest in art. Fame and celebrity + FOLLOW Leclerc and his girlfriend just made a rare appearance together at the Monte-Carlo Masters men’s doubles final on Sunday – they’ve been linked since the spring of 2023 Saint Mleux is private about her love life, but she does have a third of a million TikTok followers; she shares snippets of her travels, as well as cooking adventures and make-up tutorials
