Share Science The 5 most significant breakthroughs in quantum computing Quantum computing is the future. Let’s take a look at 5 of the most significant breakthroughs that have happened in quantum computing. Published: May 11, 2023 10:21 AM EST Tejasri Gururaj a year ago 8 minutes 0 Share IQM quantum computer Ragsxl/Wikimedia Commons Introduction Quantum computing is a revolutionary technology already making waves in many industries, such as drug discovery, cryptography, finance, and logistics. It works by exploiting quantum mechanical phenomena to perform complex computations in a fraction of the time classical computers require. Two main quantum mechanical phenomena drive quantum computers’ speed and computational prowess–superposition and entanglement. Unlike classical computers, which operate on binary bits (0 and 1), quantum computers operate on quantum bits or qubits. Qubits can exist in a state of superposition. This means that any qubit has some probability of existing simultaneously in the 0 and 1 states, exponentially increasing the computational power of quantum computers. Another unique property that qubits have is their ability to become entangled. This means that two qubits, no matter how physically far, are correlated so that knowing the state of one particle automatically tells us something about its companion, even when they are far apart. This correlation can be harnessed for processing vast amounts of data and solving complex problems that classical computers cannot. Classical computers only have the power to simulate phenomena based on classical physics, making it more difficult or slower to solve problems that rely on quantum phenomena. This is where the true importance of quantum computers lies. Since quantum computers are based on qubits, they can solve challenging problems using classical computers and revolutionize many industries. For example, quantum computers can rapidly simulate molecules and chemical reactions, discovering new drugs and materials with exceptional properties. Although significant breakthroughs have been made in quantum computing, we are still in the nascent stages of its development. In this article, we will look at 5 of the most significant breakthroughs in quantum computing. Breakthrough #1: Quantum supremacy The objective of quantum supremacy is to demonstrate that a quantum computer can solve a problem that no classical computer can solve in any reasonable length of time, despite the usefulness of the problem. Achieving this goal demonstrates the power of a quantum computer over a classical computer in complex problem-solving. In October 2019, Google confirmed that it had achieved quantum supremacy using its fully programmable 54-qubit processor called Sycamore. They solved a sampling problem in 200 seconds which would take a supercomputer nearly 10,000 years to solve. This marked a significant achievement in the development of quantum computing. Richard Feynman first theorized the idea of using quantum mechanics to perform calculations impossible for classical computers Unknown/Wikimedia Commons Since then, many researchers have demonstrated quantum supremacy by solving various sampling problems. The impact of achieving quantum supremacy cannot be overstated. It validates the potential of quantum computing to solve problems beyond the capabilities of classical computers, as first theorized by Richard Feynman in the 1980s. Apart from sampling problems, other applications have been proposed for demonstrating quantum supremacy, such as Shor’s algorithm for factoring integers which are extremely important in encryption. However, implementing Shor’s algorithm for large numbers is not feasible with existing technology and is hence not the preferred oversampling algorithm for demonstrating supremacy. Breakthrough #2: Quantum error correction The most pressing concern with quantum computers is their sensitivity to errors induced by environmental noise and imperfect control. This hinders their practical usability, as data stored on a quantum computer can become corrupted. Classical error correction relies on redundancy, i.e., repetition. However, quantum information cannot be cloned or copied due to the no-cloning theorem (which states that it is impossible to create an independent and identical copy of an arbitrary unknown quantum state). Therefore, a new error correction method is required for quantum computing systems. QEC for a single qubit Self/Wikimedia Commons Quantum error correction (QEC) is a way to mitigate these errors and ensure that the data stored on a quantum computer is error-free, thus improving the reliability and accuracy of quantum computers. The principle of QEC is to encode the data stored on a quantum computer such that the errors can be detected and corrected without disrupting the computation being performed on it. This is done using quantum error-correction codes (QECCs). QECCs work by encoding the information onto a larger state space. They further correct the error without measuring the quantum state, thereby preventing the collapse of the quantum state. The first experimental demonstration of QEC was done in 1998 with nuclear magnetic resonance qubits. Since then, several experiments to demonstrate QEC have been performed using, for example, linear optics and trapped ions, among others. A significant breakthrough came in 2016 when researchers extended the lifespan of a quantum bit using QEC . Their research showed the advantage of using hardware-efficient qubit encoding over traditional QEC methods for improving the lifetime of a qubit. Breakthrough #3: Fault-tolerant quantum computing The detection and elimination of errors is critical to developing realistic quantum computers. QEC handles errors in the stored quantum information, but what about the errors after performing operations? Is there a way to correct those errors and ensure that the computations are not useless? Fault-tolerant quantum computing is a method to ensure that these errors are detected and corrected using a combination of QECCs and fault-tolerant gates. This ensures that errors arising during the computations don’t accumulate and render them worthless. Quantum computing features Akash Sain/iStock The biggest challenge in achieving fault-tolerant quantum computing is the need for many qubits. QECCs themselves require a lot of qubits to detect and correct errors. Additionally, fault-tolerant gates also require a large number of qubits. However, two independent theoretical studies published in 1998 and 2008 proved that fault-tolerant quantum computers can be built. This has come to be known as the threshold theorem, which states that if the physical error rates of a quantum computer are below a certain threshold, the logical error rate can be suppressed to arbitrarily low values. No experimental findings have proven fault-tolerant quantum computing due to the high number of qubits needed. The closest we’ve come to an experimental realization is a 2022 study published in Nature, demonstrating fault-tolerant universal quantum gate operations. Breakthrough #4: Quantum Teleportation We have seen teleportation one too many times in science fiction movies and TV shows. But are any researchers close to making it a reality? Well, yes and no. Quantum teleportation allows for transferring one quantum state from one physical location to another without physically moving the quantum state itself. It has a wide range of applications, from secure quantum communication to distributed quantum computing. Quantum teleportation was first investigated in 1993 by scientists who were using it as a way to send and receive quantum information. It was experimentally realized only 4 years later, in 1997, by two independent research groups. The basic principle behind quantum teleportation is entanglement (when two particles remain connected even when separated by vast distances). Since 1997, many research groups have demonstrated the quantum teleportation of photons, atoms, and other quantum particles. It is the only real form of teleportation that exists. In fact, the 2022 Nobel Prize in Physics was awarded to three scientists – Alain Aspect, John Clauser, and Anton Zeilinger – for experiments with entangled photons. The work demonstrated that teleportation between photons was possible. Their work demonstrated quantum entanglement and showed it could be used to teleport quantum information from one photon to another. Quantum teleportation is the cornerstone for building a quantum internet. This is because it enables the distribution of entanglement over long distances. Another important application of quantum teleportation is enabling remote quantum operations, meaning that a quantum computation can be performed on a distant processor without transmitting the qubits. This could be useful for secure communication and for performing quantum computations in inaccessible or hostile environments. Breakthrough #5: Topological Quantum Computing Topology is a branch of mathematics concerned with studying the properties of shapes and spaces preserved when deformed. But what does it have to do with quantum computing? In essence, topological quantum computing is a theoretical model that uses quasiparticles called anyons (quasiparticles in two-dimensional space) for encoding and manipulating qubits. The method is founded on the topological properties of matter, and in the case of anyons, the world lines (the path that an object traces in 4-dimensional spacetime) of these particles form braids. These braids then make up the logic gates which are the building blocks of computers. No experimental studies demonstrate topological quantum computing FMNLab/Wikimedia Commons Topological qubits are protected against local perturbations and can be manipulated with high precision, making them less susceptible to decoherence. Additionally, topological quantum computing is more resistant to errors due to its inherent redundancy and topological protection, making it a promising candidate for fault-tolerant quantum computing. RECOMMENDED ARTICLES Most topological quantum computing research is theoretical; currently, no studies provide substantial experimental support for the same. But, developments in this area of research are vital for building practical and scalable quantum computers. Conclusion And there it is, five significant breakthroughs in quantum computing. With a mix of theoretical and experimental demonstrations, quantum computing is still in the early stages of research and development. These developments can potentially revolutionize several industries and academic disciplines, including financial services, materials science, cryptography, and artificial intelligence. Even if there is still more study, the implications for quantum computing’s future are promising. We may anticipate further developments and innovations in the years to come. 0 COMMENT NEWSLETTER The Blueprint Daily Stay up-to-date on engineering, tech, space, and science news with The Blueprint. Sign Up By clicking sign up, you confirm that you accept this site's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy ABOUT THE EDITOR Tejasri Gururaj Tejasri is a versatile Science Writer &amp; Communicator, leveraging her expertise from an MS in Physics to make science accessible to all. In her spare time, she enjoys spending quality time with her cats, indulging in TV shows, and rejuvenating through naps. POPULAR ARTICLES 1 innovation Waterfall swings, robot grippers – it’s the week’s top videos from IE Yağmur Kirali 2 days ago 0 2 science New 3D method sets record in tracking moving objects, can boost self-driving Amal Jos Chacko 2 days ago 0 3 innovation AI robot Misso makes knee replacement surgeries more precise, affordable Jijo Malayil 2 days ago 0 4 military Russia hits its own chopper? First Ka-29 downed amid Ukrainian drone attack Bojan Stojkovski 2 days ago 0 RELATED ARTICLES military C-17 can now launch hypersonic missiles with Boeing’s new REVOLVER system culture ‘Hey Fidlet! Welcome to Fantasy Island,’ Antarctica has its own English innovation In a first, 3D models created with just two images, can boost self-driving innovation Humanoid robot with highest operational time in tests by US logistics giant JOBS See All
FR EN Polytechnique insights A REVIEW BY INSTITUT POLYTECHNIQUE DE PARIS Columns Braincamps FR EN Sign up for the newsletter Subscribe to our weekly newsletter I have read and accepted the privacy policy . π Planet π Energy π Health and biotech π Digital π Space π Economics π Industry π Science and technology π Society π Geopolitics π Neuroscience π Videos π Magazine Polytechnique insights A REVIEW BY INSTITUT POLYTECHNIQUE DE PARIS Share Copié ! Subscribe to our weekly newsletter Newsletter Subscribe to our weekly newsletter Valider I have read and accepted the privacy policy . Home / Chroniques / 5 breakthroughs made possible by quantum technologies On the same topic: 4 technologies to enhance sporting performance Nobel Prize in Physics 2023: an unprecedented image of the infinitely small Multi-photon microscopy to better treat diseases π Science and technology π Digital 5 breakthroughs made possible by quantum technologies On November 7th, 2023 6 min reading time Key takeaways Research into quantum physics is leading to advances in many areas of research and development. For example, quantum computers represent a very promising avenue with many potential applications. However, there are technical and theoretical obstacles to overcome that stand in the way of the commercialisation and practical use of these advances, such as entanglement. In the medium term, quantum physics research could be used for astronomical imaging, health and semiconductors. #1 Towards large-scale quantum computers thanks to improvements in quantum error correction Quan­tum com­put­ers use quan­tum bits (qubits). These bits are dif­fer­ent from stan­dard com­put­er bits, which can be either 0 or 1, as they can be both 0 and 1. These machines could be much faster than the fastest com­put­ers avail­able today as they would be able to com­pute with many qubits, result­ing in an expo­nen­tial increase in com­put­ing pow­er. Qubits can be made from dif­fer­ent mate­ri­als, such as super­con­duc­tors or trapped ions. Oth­er future meth­ods include pho­ton­ic quan­tum proces­sors that use light. A true quan­tum com­put­er will require the inte­gra­tion of many qubits into a sin­gle device. This will not be an easy task as they are very del­i­cate and the quan­tum infor­ma­tion they con­tain can eas­i­ly be destroyed, lead­ing to errors in quan­tum calculations. To cor­rect these errors, a quan­tum error cor­rec­tion (QEC) sys­tem will be essen­tial. This gen­er­al­ly involves encod­ing a bit of quan­tum infor­ma­tion onto a set of qubits that act togeth­er as a sin­gle “log­i­cal qubit”. One such tech­nique is sur­face cod­ing, in which a quan­tum infor­ma­tion bit is encod­ed onto an array of qubits. A prob­lem with this approach, how­ev­er, is that adding extra qubits to the sys­tem in turn adds extra sources of error. Accord­ing to physi­cists, true large-scale quan­tum com­put­ing will require an error rate of around one in a mil­lion, but the best cur­rent error cor­rec­tion tech­nolo­gies can only achieve rates of around one in a thou­sand. So, there is still a long way to go. The suc­cess of this process is an impor­tant mile­stone for quan­tum tech­nol­o­gy infrastructures Copié ! Researchers at Google Quan­tum AI have recent­ly cre­at­ed a sur­face code scheme that should adapt to the error rate required in a quan­tum proces­sor made up of super­con­duct­ing qubits that con­sti­tute either data qubits (for oper­a­tion) or mea­sure­ment qubits. The lat­ter are adja­cent to the data qubits and can mea­sure a bit or phase rever­sal. These are two types of error that affect the qubits. The researchers found that a “distance‑5 qubit array” com­pris­ing a total of 49 phys­i­cal qubits had an error rate of 2.914%, com­pared with 3.028% for a « distance‑3 array » com­pris­ing 17 qubits. This reduc­tion shows that increas­ing the num­ber of qubits is a viable route to “fault-tol­er­ant quan­tum com­put­ing” and that an error rate of bet­ter than one in a mil­lion could be pos­si­ble in a dis­tance-17 qubit array com­pris­ing 577 qubits. #2 A converter for different quantum devices The plat­forms cur­rent­ly being devel­oped for quan­tum com­put­ers are based on dif­fer­ent quan­tum sys­tems such as pho­tons (par­ti­cles of light), neu­tral atoms, ions, super­con­duc­tors and semi­con­duc­tors. In future quan­tum net­works, these sys­tems will need to com­mu­ni­cate with each oth­er, but as they rely on dif­fer­ent types of cod­ing, this could prove difficult. Researchers at Lab­o­ra­toire Kastler Brossel (LKB) in France have cre­at­ed a con­vert­er that enables quan­tum devices based on dif­fer­ent sys­tems to com­mu­ni­cate. “We have designed a kind of black box that allows you to switch from one type of quan­tum infor­ma­tion cod­ing to anoth­er thanks to the phe­nom­e­non of entan­gle­ment,” explains physi­cist Julian Lau­rat, one of the mem­bers of the LKB team. Entan­gle­ment, the sub­ject of the 2022 Nobel Prize in Physics, is a pure­ly quan­tum phe­nom­e­non where­by two or more par­ti­cles can have a clos­er rela­tion­ship than that per­mit­ted by clas­si­cal physics. This means that if we deter­mine the quan­tum state of one of the par­ti­cles, we can instant­ly deter­mine the quan­tum state of the oth­er, regard­less of the dis­tance sep­a­rat­ing them. Once con­sid­ered a quirk of the quan­tum world, this “spooky action at a dis­tance”, as Albert Ein­stein called it, is now exploit­ed in quan­tum cryp­tog­ra­phy and com­mu­ni­ca­tion sys­tems, as well as in the sen­sors used to detect grav­i­ta­tion­al waves (a defor­ma­tion of the fab­ric of space-time that prop­a­gates at the speed of light).. Thanks to entan­gle­ment, the LKB researchers have been able to pre­serve the quan­tum codes infor­ma­tion sig­nal, which is frag­ile, while chang­ing the basis on which it is written. “The suc­cess of this process is an impor­tant mile­stone for quan­tum tech­nol­o­gy infra­struc­tures,” points out Beate Asen­beck, a doc­tor­al stu­dent at the LKB. “Once we can inter­con­nect quan­tum devices, more com­plex and effi­cient net­works can be built.” The researchers have filed a patent to pro­tect their tech­nol­o­gy, which is now being used by Welinq, a start-up found­ed by Julien Lau­rat and his col­league Tom Darras. #3 Quantum error correction could improve astronomical imaging High-res­o­lu­tion, long-base­line opti­cal inter­fer­om­e­ters could rev­o­lu­tionise astro­nom­i­cal imag­ing: here, light from two or more tele­scopes, placed at a cer­tain dis­tance from each oth­er, is com­bined to cre­ate an image of a celes­tial object, such as a star. The images obtained in this way have much fin­er detail than those obtained with each indi­vid­ual tele­scope. In this way, the mul­ti­ple tele­scopes act as a gigan­tic “vir­tu­al” tele­scope whose diam­e­ter is much larg­er than that of any real telescope. In the­o­ry, the fur­ther apart the tele­scopes are, the high­er the image res­o­lu­tion. In prac­tice, how­ev­er, envi­ron­men­tal noise and light loss­es between the two instru­ments degrade the qual­i­ty of the light sig­nals, lim­it­ing the pos­si­ble dis­tance between them. Quan­tum tech­nolo­gies can help cir­cum­vent these “light trans­mis­sion loss­es” by using quan­tum mem­o­ries and entan­gle­ment to replace direct opti­cal links between the tele­scopes, there­by increas­ing the dis­tances between them. In the most direct approach, the sig­nal could be stored in atom­ic states or qubits. How­ev­er, one prob­lem remains: these states are frag­ile and can be eas­i­ly destroyed. Researchers at Mac­quar­ie Uni­ver­si­ty in Aus­tralia and the Nation­al Uni­ver­si­ty of Sin­ga­pore (NUS) have now found a way to pro­tect the quan­tum infor­ma­tion con­tained in the light com­ing from a celes­tial object. In their new tech­nique, the researchers manip­u­late the state of a star’s light from the two tele­scopes so that it is in a form that is pro­tect­ed from envi­ron­men­tal noise. By then car­ry­ing out spe­cif­ic mea­sure­ments, any errors in the qubits can be detect­ed and cor­rect­ed by the QEC codes before recov­er­ing the infor­ma­tion con­tained in the starlight. This infor­ma­tion is then used to con­struct an image of the star. #4 Using quantum vacuum fluctuations to fabricate a high-speed random number generator Mod­ern cryp­tog­ra­phy relies on the gen­er­a­tion of ran­dom num­bers that are then used as keys to encrypt the huge amounts of data pro­duced by gov­ern­ments and large cor­po­ra­tions, for exam­ple. Although algo­rithms are com­mon­ly used to gen­er­ate seem­ing­ly ran­dom num­bers, a hack­er could in prin­ci­ple work out the pre­de­ter­mined steps of an algo­rithm and thus pre­dict its output. An improved sys­tem would rather be based on a tru­ly ran­dom process, like the prob­a­bilis­tic nature of phe­nom­e­na that occur at the quan­tum level. The vac­u­um of space is not real­ly a vac­u­um but is teem­ing with ran­dom quan­tum fluc­tu­a­tions as pairs of par­ti­cles and antipar­ti­cles are spon­ta­neous­ly cre­at­ed and then anni­hi­lat­ed when they col­lide with each oth­er. These process­es occur on extreme­ly short time scales and can been used to pro­duce ran­dom num­bers. The prob­lem is that these sys­tems are sub­ject to par­a­sitic noise from their own com­po­nents, which slows down the process. To solve this prob­lem, researchers at Ghent Uni­ver­si­ty in Bel­gium built a com­put­er chip (mea­sur­ing just 5 mm in length) and then mapped all the imper­fec­tions in the chip as well as the sources of noise with­in it. This enabled them to iden­ti­fy the ori­gin of the inter­fer­ence and mea­sure the quan­tum fluc­tu­a­tions with much greater sen­si­tiv­i­ty. The result: a chip capa­ble of gen­er­at­ing ran­dom num­bers 200 times faster than exist­ing com­mer­cial devices. #5 Quantum advantage without error correction IBM researchers have shown that it is pos­si­ble to achieve quan­tum advan­tage (or “suprema­cy”) with­out error cor­rec­tion. To do this, they used a 127-qubit quan­tum proces­sor to cal­cu­late the mag­neti­sa­tion of a mate­r­i­al using a 2D Ising mod­el. This mod­el rep­re­sents the mag­net­ic prop­er­ties of a 2D mate­r­i­al using a net­work of quan­tum spins that inter­act with their near­est neigh­bours. Appar­ent­ly sim­ple, this mod­el is known to be extreme­ly dif­fi­cult to solve. The researchers used a tech­nique called “noisy inter­me­di­ate-scale (NISQ) quan­tum com­pu­ta­tion” in which the cal­cu­la­tion is per­formed rapid­ly to avoid the accu­mu­la­tion of errors1. This type of cal­cu­la­tion will allow for more gen­er­al quan­tum algo­rithms in the short term, before tru­ly fault-tol­er­ant quan­tum com­put­ers become available. The cal­cu­la­tion was car­ried out using a super­con­duct­ing quan­tum chip com­pris­ing 127 qubits exe­cut­ing quan­tum cir­cuits 60 lay­ers deep with a total of around 2800 two-qubit gates. These gates are the quan­tum ana­logues of con­ven­tion­al log­ic gates. The quan­tum cir­cuit gen­er­ates high­ly entan­gled quan­tum states that the researchers then used to pro­gram the 2D Ising mod­el by per­form­ing a sequence of oper­a­tions on the qubits and pairs of qubits. Although this method elim­i­nates much of the noise, errors remained. The researchers there­fore applied a quan­tum error mit­i­ga­tion process using con­ven­tion­al com­put­er soft­ware. The tech­nique works thanks to the 127-qubit proces­sor’s abil­i­ty to encode many con­fig­u­ra­tions of the Ising mod­el. Con­ven­tion­al com­put­ers would not have suf­fi­cient mem­o­ry to achieve such a feat. Isabelle Dumé Ref­er­ences: Sup­press­ing quan­tum errors by scal­ing a sur­face code log­i­cal qubit. Nature 614, 676–681 A quan­tum-bit encod­ing con­vert­er. Nature Pho­ton­ics 17 165–170 Archive ouverte arX­iv Imag­ing Stars with Quan­tum Error Cor­rec­tion. Phys. Rev. Lett. 129, 210502 100-Gbit/s Inte­grat­ed Quan­tum Ran­dom Num­ber Gen­er­a­tor Based on Vac­u­um Fluc­tu­a­tions. PRX Quan­tum 4, 010330 Evi­dence for the util­i­ty of quan­tum com­put­ing before fault tol­er­ance Nature 618 500–505 More on this topic π Science and technology π Health and biotech Organ-on-chip: a mini biotechnology with big ambitions Cédric Bouzigue, Lecturer in Biology at École Polytechnique (IP Paris) On April 9th, 2024 4 min reading time π Science and technology π Society Modifying DNA: applications of the CRISPR discovery Tania Louis, PhD in biology and Columnist at Polytechnique Insights On March 27th, 2024 7 min reading time π Science and technology How science can improve sporting performance Romain  Vuillemot , Lecturer in Computer Science at École Centrale de Lyon On March 20th, 2024 4 min reading time π Energy π Science and technology How recycling solar panels will help preserve energy security in Europe Daniel Bajolet, Member of SAGSI (China) and Co-founder of ROSI On March 22nd, 2023 3 min reading time π Science and technology Soft matter: a physical state you probably don’t know you know David Quéré, CNRS Research Director and Professor at École Polytechnique (IP Paris) On January 25th, 2023 4 min reading time Subscribe to our weekly newsletter Subscribe to our weekly newsletter I have read and accepted the privacy policy . Our selection of braincamps π Science and technology π Society How can artificial intelligence be regulated? 3                                              episodes π Planet π Science and technology Biodiversity: understanding nature to preserve it better 3                                              episodes π Science and technology π Digital Why sound research will make a big splash 3                                              episodes Our world explained with science. Every week, in your inbox. Get the newsletter
Menu Get Started Menu Get Started Menu Get Started Home » Quantum Computing » Latest Breakthroughs in Quantum Computing Latest Breakthroughs in Quantum Computing Stephen DeAngelis May 9, 2023 Researchers almost start drooling at the prospect of having access to a programmable, universal quantum computer. As astrophysicist and science writer Alfredo Carpineti observes, “Quantum computers have the potential to revolutionize information technology, processing problems that even our most powerful supercomputers can’t solve.”[1] He goes on to note that quantum computers always seem to be tantalizingly out of reach. He explains, “Problems [that might be solved by quantum computing] require quantum computers that have millions of qubits (quantum bits), while today’s quantum computers operate on a 100-qubit scale.” The challenge to generating more qubits, according to journalist Dalvin Brown , is that qubits are finicky entities. He explains, “Quantum computing is weighed down by hard-to-control qubits, which are error prone and often die.”[2] As most people know, today’s ubiquitous computers operate using binary information and each binary digit is either a zero or a one. However, like so many things found at the quantum level, qubits defy logic. Qubits have the unique ability to be both a zero and a one simultaneously. In terms of computing power, this intrinsic quality is enormous. James Norman , Global Head of Sustainable Investing Client Strategy at Goldman Sachs, explains, “Quantum computers can be game changers because they can solve important problems no existing computer can. While conventional computing scales linearly, QC scales exponentially when adding new bits. Exponential scaling always wins, and it’s never close.”[3] As Brown noted above, qubits are difficult to work with. To become functional qubits, atomic particles must be placed in a superposition state. Fortunately, quantum mechanics allows the qubit to be in a coherent superposition of both states (i.e., zero and one) simultaneously. In addition, multiple qubits can exhibit quantum entanglement. The late Albert Einstein famously called entanglement “spooky action at a distance.” Wikipedia explains, “Quantum entanglement is a nonlocal property of two or more qubits that allows a set of qubits to express higher correlation than is possible in classical systems.” If those explanations sound confusing and difficult, it’s because they are. Science writer Evrim Yazgin explains, “Using the complex and irregular quantum principles of superposition and entanglement to build a functioning computer is not easy. Current quantum machines, though representing huge leaps forward in our understanding and technical abilities, are rife with errors.”[4] Recent Breakthroughs in Quantum Computing Recent breakthroughs may address two of the challenges noted above: generating more qubits and reducing errors. Generating More Qubits Yazgin points out, “Most quantum computers today run on a very small number of quantum bits (or qubits). Late last year, IBM announced that they had a quantum computer, IBM Osprey, with 433 qubits. This more than tripled the previous largest quantum processor which had 127 qubits, IBM Eagle. As significant as these developments are, if we’re speaking honestly, a quantum computer with more than three or four qubits is a nightmare to run. The very same quantum effects which promise to make quantum computers so powerful, are also making it very difficult to build.”[5] However, that may be changing. In January, the University of New South Wales (UNSW) announced, “Australian engineers have discovered a new way of precisely controlling single electrons nestled in quantum dots that run logic gates. What’s more, the new mechanism is less bulky and requires fewer parts, which could prove essential to making large-scale silicon quantum computers a reality.”[6] According to the UNSW staff, the new discovery, by engineers at the quantum computing start-up Diraq and UNSW Sydney, was serendipitous. Will Gilbert , a quantum processor engineer at Diraq, stated, “This was a completely new effect we’d never seen before, which we didn’t quite understand at first. But it quickly became clear that this was a powerful new way of controlling spins in a quantum dot. And that was super exciting.” As the UNSW staff explains, “Logic gates are the basic building block of all computation; they allow ‘bits’ — or binary digits (0s and 1s) — to work together to process information.” Engineers at Diraq believe their new method of creating spin will help them achieve their ambition of building billions of qubits on a single chip. That would be a game changer. Reducing Errors Because quantum computers work with sub-atomic particles, the staff at University Of Innsbruck, notes, “Quantum computers are inherently much more susceptible to disturbances and therefore error correction mechanisms will almost certainly always be required. Otherwise, errors would propagate uncontrolled in the system and information would be lost.”[7] One way they suggest addressing the problem of errors is to create redundancies. However, doing that at the quantum level, the University of Innsbruck staff notes, can be tricky:  “Because the fundamental laws of quantum mechanics forbid copying quantum information, redundancy can be achieved by distributing logical quantum information into an entangled state of several physical systems, for example, multiple individual atoms.” They report that last year a research team at the university was able to conduct “a set of computational operations on two logical quantum bits that can be used to implement any possible operation.” Lukas Postler , a doctoral student at the university, explained why this breakthrough was important. He stated, “For a real-world quantum computer, we need a universal set of gates with which we can program all algorithms.” The research team was able to create this universal gate set “on an ion trap quantum computer featuring 16 trapped atoms. The quantum information was stored in two logical quantum bits, each distributed over seven atoms. Now, for the first time, it has been possible to implement two computational gates on these fault-tolerant quantum bits, which are necessary for a universal set of gates: a computational operation on two quantum bits (a CNOT gate) and a logical T gate, which is particularly difficult to implement on fault-tolerant quantum bits.” The bottom line, according to the University of Innsbruck staff is this: “The physicists have now demonstrated all the building blocks for fault-tolerant computing on a quantum computer.” Moving Data Between Microchips Science correspondent Pallab Ghosh observes, “Computer scientists have been trying to make an effective quantum computer for more than 20 years. … One stumbling block has been the need to transfer quantum information between chips quickly and reliably: the information degrades, and errors are introduced.”[9] That challenge may have recently been overcome. The University of Sussex reports that a research team from the university and a company called Universal Quantum has, for the first time, demonstrated that qubits can directly transfer between quantum computer microchips. According to a news release from the university, “The University of Sussex and Universal Quantum team were successful in transporting the qubits with a 99.999993% success rate and a connection rate of 2424/s, both numbers are world records and orders of magnitude better than previous solutions.”[10] Concluding Thoughts The scientific community waits with bated breath for the first universal, programmable quantum computer. Every announcement of a breakthrough step brings that goal a little closer. The University of Innsbruck staff has also announced that a team of researchers has broken out of the binary computing framework using quantum digits (qudits) rather than binary qubits. They report, “Restricting researchers to binary systems prevent [computer driven] devices from living up to their true potential. The [University of Innsbruck] research team succeeded in developing a quantum computer that can perform arbitrary calculations with so-called quantum digits, thereby unlocking more computational power with fewer quantum particles. Unlike the classical method, the new method that utilizes more states does not negatively impact the reliability of the computer. The researchers have developed a quantum computer that can make use of the full potential of these atoms.”[8] Although activity at the quantum level can be mind-bending, those “spooky” actions are bringing the world ever closer to developing a new type of powerful computer. Footnotes [1] Alfredo Carpineti, “ Major Breakthrough Paves The Way For Powerful Quantum Computers Today ,” IFL Science, 8 February 2023. [2] Dalvin Brown, “ Google’s new ‘time crystals’ could be a breakthrough for long-awaited quantum computers ,” The Washington Post, 12 August 2021. [3] James Norman, “ Quantum Computing Will Revolutionize Data Analysis. Maybe Soon ,” Seeking Alpha, 14 March 2018. [4] Evrim Yazgin, “ First demonstration of universal operations on an error-free quantum computer ,” Cosmos Magazine, 27 May 2022. [5] Evrim Yazgin, “ Accidental breakthrough by Australian scientists could be key to large scale quantum computers being cheaper and more usable ,” Cosmos Magazine, 17 January 2023. [6] Staff, “ New spin control method brings billion-qubit quantum chips closer ,” Phys.org, 12 January 2023. [7] Staff, “ Fundamental Breakthrough: Error-Free Quantum Computing Gets Real ,” SciTechDaily, 28 May 2022. [8] Veda Aravali, “ Quantum Computers can Look Beyond Zeros and Ones! Research Reveals ,” Analytics Insight, 3 August 2022. [9] Pallab Ghosh, “ Quantum breakthrough could revolutionise computing ,” BBC News, 8 February 2023. [10] Staff, “ Another step towards practical quantum computers ,” University of Sussex, 8 February 2023. Related Posts: In the Quantum Computing Waiting Room During the 2014 NBA draft, ESPN analyst Fran Fraschilla famously said about Brazilian draftee Bruno Caboclo, “He’s two years away from being two years away.” Read More » Quantum Computing: Through the Wormhole Wormholes have been favorite subjects of science fiction writers for decades. So, it was exciting news when scientists announced they might have simulated a wormhole Read More » Menu All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions ©2024 Enterra Solutions LLC® | Click for Accessibility Email How can we help? Send Reach Out inquiries@enterrasolutions.com Name Title Company Email Phone Send First Name Last Name Company Title Work Email Phone Number Please specify any dietary restriction and/or allergies: Please specify any special needs: Send First Name Last Name Company Title Work Email Phone Number Country of Residence Please specify any dietary restriction and/or allergies: Please specify any special needs: By registering for this Symposium, you are agreeing to have your contact information (including email address) shared with Enterra and POI for purposes of following up on your interests. If you are not interested in the content, you will have the ability to manage your preferences or opt-out from receiving communications at any time. Yes No Send Name Title Company Email Phone Number Document Select a file SensoryPrint™ Solution Whitepaper TPO & Assortment Solution Whitepaper Supply Chain Optimization Solution Whitepaper TPO Case Study Intelligent Agents in Customer Care Case Study GIDS™ Solution Whitepaper Request More Information How did you hear about us Send Thanks! One of our team members will reach out shortly and we will help make your business brilliant!
Skip to content British Broadcasting Corporation Home News Israel-Gaza War War in Ukraine UK General Election US & Canada UK UK Politics England N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics Scotland Scotland Politics Wales Wales Politics Africa Asia China India Australia Europe Latin America Middle East In Pictures BBC Verify Sport Business Future of Business Technology of Business Work Culture Innovation Technology Science & Health Artificial Intelligence Culture Film & TV Music Art & Design Style Books Entertainment News Travel Destinations Africa Antarctica Asia Australia and Pacific Caribbean & Bermuda Central America Europe Middle East North America South America World’s Table Culture & Experiences Adventures The SpeciaList Earth Natural Wonders Weather & Science Climate Solutions Sustainable Business Green Living Video Live Live News Live Sport Home News Sport Business Innovation Culture Travel Earth Video Live Audio Weather Newsletters Quantum breakthrough could revolutionise computing 8 February 2023 By Pallab Ghosh , Science correspondent Share BBC Twenty years ago Winfried Hensinger was told by other scientists that developing a powerful quantum computer was impossible. Now he has made the system behind him that he believes will prove them wrong Scientists have come a step closer to making multi-tasking 'quantum' computers, far more powerful than even today's most advanced supercomputers. Quantum computers make use of the weird qualities of sub-atomic particles. So-called quantum particles can be in two places at the same time and also strangely connected even though they are millions of miles apart. A Sussex University team transferred quantum information between computer chips at record speeds and accuracy. The researchers connected two chips together and sent record amounts of quantum information at unprecedented speeds and reliability Computer scientists have been trying to make an effective quantum computer for more than 20 years. Firms such as Google, IBM and Microsoft have developed simple machines. But, according to Prof Winfried Hensinger, who led the research at Sussex University, the new development paves the way for systems that can solve complex real world problems that the best computers we have today are incapable of. "Right now we have quantum computers with very simple microchips," he said. "What we have achieved here is the ability to realise extremely powerful quantum computers capable of solving some of the most important problems for industries and society." Rolls-Royce Rolls-Royce is investing in quantum computing research to see if it can speed up the design process for their aircraft engines Currently, computers solve problems in a simple linear way, one calculation at a time. In the quantum realm, particles can be in two places at the same time and researchers want to harness this property to develop computers that can do multiple calculations all at the same time. Quantum particles can also be millions of miles apart and be strangely connected, mirroring each other's actions instantaneously. Again, that could also be used to develop much more powerful computers. The quantum computer chips have to be set up in a clean room an put into a vacuum container as even the slightest contamination can reduce its performance One stumbling block has been the need to transfer quantum information between chips quickly and reliably: the information degrades, and errors are introduced. But Prof Hensinger's team has made a breakthrough, published in the journal Nature Communications, which may have overcome that obstacle. The team developed a system able to transport information from one chip to another with a reliability of 99.999993% at record speeds. That, say the researchers, shows that in principle chips could be slotted together to make a more powerful quantum computer. Sahra The research team can see individual atoms floating above their chips as the test out their quantum computer Prof Michael Cuthbert, who is the director of the newly established National Quantum Computing Centre in Didcot, Oxfordshire and is independent of the Sussex research group described the development as a "really important enabling step". But he said that more work was needed to develop practical systems. "To build the type of quantum computer you need in the future, you start off by connecting chips that are the size of your thumbnail until you get something the size of a dinner plate. The Sussex group has shown you can have the stability and speed for that step. "But then you need a mechanism to connect these dinner plates together to scale up a machine, potentially as large as a football pitch, in order to carry out realistic and useful computations, and the technology for communications for that scale is not yet available." SPL Quantum computers harness two weird properties of particles at the very small scale - they can be in two places at the same time and be strangely connected even though they are millions of miles apart. PhD student Sahra Kulmiya, who carried out the Sussex experiment, says that the team are ready for the challenge to take the technology to the next level. "It is not just solely a physics problem anymore," she told BBC News. "It is an engineering problem, a computer science problem and also a mathematical problem. "It is really difficult to say how close we are to the realisation of quantum computing, but I'm optimistic in how it can become relevant to us in our everyday lives." One of the UK's leading engineering firms, Rolls Royce, is also optimistic about the technology. It is working with the Sussex researchers to develop machines that could help them design even better jet engines. Powerful supercomputers are used to model the flow of air in simulations to test out new designs of aircraft engines. Transforming engineering A quantum computer could in principle track the airflow with even greater accuracy, and do so really quickly, according to Prof Leigh Lapworth, who is leading the development of quantum computing for Rolls-Royce. "Quantum computers would be able to do calculations that we can't currently do and others that would take many months or years. The potential of doing those in days would just transform our design systems and lead to even better engines." The technology could potentially also be used to design drugs more quickly by accurately simulating their chemical reactions, a calculation too difficult for current supercomputers. They could also provide even more accurate systems to forecast weather and project the impact of climate change. Prof Hensinger said he first had the idea of developing a quantum computer more than 20 years ago. "People rolled their eyes and said: 'it's impossible'." "And when people tell me something can't be done, I just love to try. So I have spent the past 20 years removing the barriers one by one to a point where one can now really build a practical quantum computer." Follow Pallab on Twitter Computers Quantum computing Related 'Major step forward' for £1bn cyber development 15 Jun 2024 Gloucestershire 'Russian criminals' behind hospitals cyber attack 5 Jun 2024 London Charity awarded £100k to expand technology project 31 May 2024 Oxford More 6 May 2024 How quantum physics could 'revolutionise everything' From unhackable communication networks to powerful computers, quantum technology promises huge advances. 6 May 2024 Business 9 Jun 2022 UK government acquires first quantum computer The Ministry of Defence is embarking on a year-long project into the possibilities of quantum computing. 9 Jun 2022 Technology 27 Jan 2022 What is the quantum apocalypse? Security experts say a quantum computing leap could crack open all our secrets - so should we worry? 27 Jan 2022 Technology 27 Nov 2021 What is quantum computing? Companies around the world are racing to create a new generation of computers. 27 Nov 2021 Technology 17 Nov 2021 IBM claims advance in quantum computing The company unveils an advanced "quantum" processor that's part of an effort to build super-fast computers. 17 Nov 2021 Science & Environment
Science Health Physics Chemistry Biology Space Materials Science Environment Agriculture Aquaculture Climate Modelling Plastic Waste Pollution Energy Renewable Energy Hydropower Solar Energy Wind Energy Nuclear Energy Hydrogen Fuel Energy Storage Battery Calorimeters Battery Production Battery Recycling Critical Raw Materials Energy Metals Graphite Helium Lithium Supply Nickel Rare Earth Elements Technology Artificial Intelligence Computer Science Cyber Security Digital Infrastructure Disruptive Technology Electric Vehicles EV Charging Infrastructure EV Energy Storage North America Partners eBooks Special Reports Innovation Talks Subscribe The Innovation Platform About Us News Latest Statistics Search Innovation News Network EU Science, Research & Innovation News Innovation News Network EU Science, Research & Innovation News Science Health Physics Chemistry Biology Space Materials Science Environment Agriculture Aquaculture Climate Modelling Plastic Waste Pollution Energy Renewable Energy Wind Energy Solar Energy Hydropower Nuclear Energy Hydrogen Energy Storage Battery Calorimetry Battery Production Battery Recycling Critical Raw Materials Energy Metals Lithium Galvanic Energy Nickel Queensland Pacific Metals Graphite Helium Pulsar Helium Rare Earth Elements Technology Artificial Intelligence Digital Infrastructure Disruptive Technology Computer Science Cyber Security Electric Vehicles EV Energy Storage EV Charging Infrastructure North America Search Facebook Linkedin Twitter Subscribe Innovation Talks News Publications Special Focus Publications eBooks Partners Partner News Special Reports About Us Testimonials Our Management Team Our Editors Advanced Search Latest Statistics Breakthrough in quantum computers set to solve major societal challenges By Emily Potts Technology 9th February 2023 Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Email Print © shutterstock/vchal UK scientists have made a major breakthrough in developing practical quantum computers – connecting quantum microchips for the first time. For the first time, researchers from the University of Sussex and Universal Quantum have proved that quantum bits (qubits) can directly transfer between quantum computer microchips. This has been demonstrated with record-breaking speed and accuracy. The breakthrough is set to resolve a major challenge in building quantum computers large and powerful enough to tackle complex problems that are important to society. Currently, quantum computers operate on the 100-qubit scale, but to answer crucial problems that cannot be solved by today’s supercomputers, experts predict that millions of qubits will be required. 1,2 There is a global quantum race to develop quantum computers that can assist in complex societal challenges, such as drug discovery and improving the energy efficiency of fertiliser production. In the research paper, titled ‘ A high-fidelity quantum matter-link between ion-trap microchip modules ,’ the scientists demonstrated how they have used a novel technique, called ‘UQ Connect,’ to use electric field links to enable qubits to move from one quantum computing microchip module to another with unparalleled speed and precision. This enables chips to slot together to develop a more powerful quantum computer. The team was able to transport the qubits with record-breaking success The scientists were successful in transporting the qubits with a 99.999993% success rate and a connection rate of 2424/s. These numbers are both world records and orders of magnitude better than previous solutions. Professor Winfried Hensinger, Professor of Quantum Technologies at the University of Sussex and Chief Scientist and Co-founder at Universal Quantum, said: “As quantum computers grow, we will eventually be constrained by the size of the microchip, which limits the number of quantum bits such a chip can accommodate. As such, we knew a modular approach was key to make quantum computers powerful enough to solve step-changing industry problems. In demonstrating that we can connect two quantum computing chips – a bit like a jigsaw puzzle – and, crucially, that it works so well, we unlock the potential to scale-up by connecting hundreds or even thousands of quantum computing microchips.” The development does not affect the quantum nature of the qubit While linking the modules at world-record speed, the scientists confirmed that the quantum nature of the qubit remains untouched during transport. For instance, the qubit can be both zero and one at the same time. © shutterstock/kkssr Dr Sebastian Weidt, CEO and Co-founder of Universal Quantum, and Senior Lecturer in Quantum Technologies at the University of Sussex said: “Our relentless focus is on providing people with a tool that will enable them to revolutionise their field of work. The Universal Quantum and University of Sussex teams have done something truly incredible here that will help make our vision a reality. These exciting results show the remarkable potential of Universal Quantum’s quantum computers to become powerful enough to unlock the many lifechanging applications of quantum computing.” Universal Quantum and the University of Sussex are making groundbreaking improvements Universal Quantum has recently been awarded €67m from the German Aerospace Center (DLR) to build two quantum computers where they will implement this technology as part of the contract. The University of Sussex spin-out was also just named as one of the 2022 Institute of Physics award winners in the Business Start-up category. “The DLR contract was likely one of the largest government quantum computing contracts ever handed out to a single company. This is a huge validation of our technology. Universal Quantum is now working hard to deploy this technology in our upcoming commercial machines,” Weidt said. Dr Mariam Akhtar led the research during her time as Research Fellow at the University of Sussex and Quantum Advisor at Universal Quantum. She said: “The team has demonstrated fast and coherent ion transfer using quantum matter links. This experiment validates the unique architecture that Universal Quantum has been developing – providing an exciting route towards truly large-scale quantum computing.” The work will bring us one step closer to a quantum computer that can be used for real-world use Professor Sasha Roseneil, Vice-Chancellor of the University of Sussex, said: “It’s fantastic to see that the inspired work of the University of Sussex and Universal Quantum physicists has resulted in this phenomenal breakthrough, taking us a significant step closer to a quantum computer that will be of real societal use. These computers are set to have boundless applications – from improving the development of medicines, creating new materials, to maybe even unlocking solutions to the climate crisis.” Professor Keith Jones, Interim Provost and Pro-Vice Chancellor for Research and Enterprise at the University of Sussex, added: “This is a very exciting finding from our University of Sussex physicists and Universal Quantum. It proves the value and dynamism of this University of Sussex spin-out company, whose work is grounded in rigorous and world-leading academic research. Quantum computers will be pivotal in helping to solve some of the most pressing global issues. We’re delighted that Sussex academics are delivering research that offers hope in realising the positive potential of next-generation quantum technology in crucial areas such as sustainability, drug development, and cybersecurity.” References Webber, M., et. al. AVS Quantum Sci. 4, 013801 (2022) Lekitsch, B., et al., Science Advances, 3(2), 1–12 (2017) Tags Computer Science Quantum Computing Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Email Print Previous article Grounded Lithium Corp. reveals development plan for Kindersley Lithium Project Next article How emerging digital technologies advance nuclear industry and nuclear engineering education LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Comment: Please enter your comment! Name:* Please enter your name here Email:* You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Website: Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. Δ Featured Topics Disruptive Technology Computer Science Digital Infrastructure Cyber Security Partner News Trinity Western University hosts interactive unconference engaging faith and A.I. technology 20th June 2024 Scandium Canada: Pioneering a fully integrated scandium supply chain 14th June 2024 Speira invests €40m to boost Rheinwerk aluminium recycling capacity 7th June 2024 ExoAnalytic Solutions outlines plans to acquire 3S Northumbria 5th June 2024 Advertisements Media Partners Similar Articles Assessing the impact of large language models on the labour market Technology 21st June 2024 Trinity Western University hosts interactive unconference engaging faith and A.I. technology Partner News 20th June 2024 New wireless transceiver can improve 5G network coverage Technology 17th June 2024 Advancing piezoelectric sensors to monitor robotic movement Technology 12th June 2024 More from Innovation News Network Supercomputer reveals insights about NASA’s Roman mission Space 13th June 2024 SFU’s high-performance computer to receive revolutionary upgrade Technology 11th June 2024 Ignore human-like robots, imitation is no longer the sincerest form of flattery Technology 10th June 2024 Aurora supercomputer breaks exascale computing threshold Technology 14th May 2024 Innovation News Network brings you the latest research and innovation news from the fields of science, environment, energy, critical raw materials, technology, and electric vehicles. Linkedin Twitter Science Health Physics Chemistry Environment Agriculture Climate Modelling Plastic Waste Energy Renewable Energy Nuclear Energy Energy Storage Electric Vehicles Electric Vehicles EV Energy Storage EV Charging Infrastructure Terms & Conditions Helpsheets Green Policy Privacy Policy Feedback General Data Protection Regulation GDPR Policy Disclaimer : This website is an independent portal and is not responsible for the content of external sites. Please Note : Phone calls may be recorded for training and monitoring purposes. © Pan European Networks Ltd
Skip to main content Stack Exchange Network Stack Exchange network consists of 183 Q&A communities including Stack Overflow , the largest, most trusted online community for developers to learn, share their knowledge, and build their careers. Visit Stack Exchange Loading… Teams Q&A for work Connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and easy to search. Learn more about Teams Recent breakthroughs in quantum computing? Ask Question Asked 13 years, 3 months ago Modified 11 years, 2 months ago Viewed 1k times 10 $\begingroup$ Can anyone explain to me why we have had no major breakthroughs in the theory of quantum computation in the past 15 years? Shor's algorithm set the standard, since then we've had Grover's algorithm and an improvement on the Deutsch–Jozsa algorithm. What quantum algorithms of practical value have been created since Grover's? What makes it so hard to create a quantum algorithm? Thanks. quantum-mechanics quantum-information quantum-computer Share Cite Improve this question Follow asked Mar 22, 2011 at 14:01 user2707 user2707 $\endgroup$ 9 1 $\begingroup$ If you are only interested in algorithms and not actual physics then you'd be better off asking this at the TCS site: cstheory.stackexchange.com Also, I don't agree with your sentiment of no breakthroughs. Maybe you don't find anything in your local newspapers but quantum algorithms is huge and thriving research area with nice progress. $\endgroup$ – Marek Commented Mar 22, 2011 at 14:39 7 $\begingroup$ There has been considerable progress on quantum algorithms, although no breakthroughs on the scale of factoring or Grover's search algorithm. See this paper for a list, and a detailed survey of many of them. $\endgroup$ – Peter Shor Commented Mar 22, 2011 at 16:06 6 $\begingroup$ Here is a link to the arXiv (free) version of the paper @Peter Shor gave in the comment above : arxiv.org/abs/0812.0380 $\endgroup$ – Frédéric Grosshans Commented Mar 22, 2011 at 16:16 6 $\begingroup$ I can't improve on the comment by Shor/Grosshans, but I don't think it's fair to restrict "major breakthrough" to "algorithms" alone.  Another "major breakthroughs" are discoveries of how to do quantum error correction.  Without some way of doing error correction, nobody's ever going to be able to implement large-scale calculations.  And I think there have been significant improvements (on the theory side) in error correction techniques in the last 15 years. $\endgroup$ – Anonymous Coward Commented Mar 31, 2011 at 18:45 1 $\begingroup$ en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_quantum_computing What makes it hard? Why do you think there are so many big difficult and smaller easy programming languages at all? $\endgroup$ – Werner Schmitt Commented Jun 16, 2011 at 1:51 | Show 4 more comments 1 Answer 1 Sorted by: Reset to default Highest score (default) Date modified (newest first) Date created (oldest first) 6 $\begingroup$ I would say Knill and Laflamme's work on Efficient Quantum Computation with just LINEAR optics was a pretty big breakthrough. It allowed for renewed interest and thinking about the role of photons in quantum computation. See--> http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v409/n6816/abs/409046a0.html Share Cite Improve this answer Follow answered Jun 15, 2011 at 20:55 munali munali 81 1 1 silver badge 3 3 bronze badges $\endgroup$ Add a comment | Your Answer Thanks for contributing an answer to Physics Stack Exchange! Please be sure to answer the question . Provide details and share your research! But avoid … Asking for help, clarification, or responding to other answers. Making statements based on opinion; back them up with references or personal experience. Use MathJax to format equations. MathJax reference . To learn more, see our tips on writing great answers . Draft saved Draft discarded Sign up or log in Sign up using Google Sign up using Email and Password Submit Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post as a guest Name Email Required, but never shown Post Your Answer Discard By clicking “Post Your Answer”, you agree to our terms of service and acknowledge you have read our privacy policy . Featured on Meta Upcoming sign-up experiments related to tags Linked 9 Why do some physicists believe that scalable quantum computing is possible? 7 Quantum computers: are they possible or impossible? 0 Latest advances in experimental quantum processors? Related 17 How much is quantum computation changing the interpretation of quantum theory, and, if at all, how? 5 Scaling of quantum error correction 0 Question on quantum computation, entanglement and speed of information propagation 6 Deutsch-Jozsa Algorithm for Non-Balanced+Non-Constant Functions? 0 Assumptions in the proofs for the optimality of Grover's Search Algorithm 17 Again: why do quantum computations need to be reversible? 3 Braiding anyons in one dimension Hot Network Questions HTTP: how likely are you to be compromised by using it just once? What will happen if we keep bringing two protons closer and closer to each other, starting from a large distance? Expand a `.cs` defined by key inside the function Integration involving Piecewise function and DiracDelta function Why we can not recharge alkaline batteries to their former voltage values Rule of Thumb meaning in statistics Is There a Way to Connect Two Batteries in Parallel Without an Immediate Voltage Equalization? What is a Very Frighteningly Dangerous Word™? What is the proper way to terminate unused electrical wires? Are Context-Free languages closed under XOR? Numerical approximation of the integral by using data Worship and Wandering Proof of Linear-Algebra (matrices). Detecting a PL sphere and decompositions Can I race if I cannot or no longer ride a sit up cycle? Encrypting a message by calculating the digits of a complicated irrational number View doesn't recognise a change to an underlying table when an existing column is dropped and replaced with one with the same name but as computed Is it correct to call a room with a bath a "toilet"? Can the Orient Express be motorized to run on standard track? How to adjust pinion bearing preload The method of substitution in the problem of finding the integral What would cause desoldering braid to simply not work? Finding a paper that has only abstract on ADS How can I create a quantum fluctuation simulation? more hot questions Question feed Subscribe to RSS Question feed To subscribe to this RSS feed, copy and paste this URL into your RSS reader.
Computer Science | Physics Breakthrough in quantum computing with stable room temperature qubits by Andrey Feldman | Jan 19, 2024 Scientists achieve groundbreaking room-temperature quantum coherence for 100 nanoseconds, propelling molecular qubits closer to practical quantum computing. Scientists have recently managed to maintain quantum coherence in a molecular qubit for over one hundred nanoseconds at room temperature, hinting at potential breakthroughs in quantum computing. Quantum computers could revolutionize information technology by changing the paradigm of computing. This is attributed to their basic units, called qubits , which can exist in any combination of states, unlike classical bits constrained to a definite value of 1 or 0. Due to this infinite variety of qubit states, a quantum computer should be able to easily handle computational problems that would take a conventional computer trillions of years to solve. Scientists have successfully created qubits from particles such as photons, atoms, individual electrons, or even a superconducting loop. However, creating a qubit is one thing, building a working quantum computer out of thousands or even millions of qubits is an entirely different challenge, and attempts thus far have been fraught with substantial difficulties. For a quantum computer to work, it is necessary to establish and manipulate subtle quantum interactions among multiple qubits — a state known as entanglement . However, for this to work, the qubits themselves need to remain stable or “coherent”, which means keeping it in a well-defined quantum state. The problem is, coherence is difficult to maintain as it easily crumbles when qubits interact with their surroundings — even radiation from space can throw them. To solve this, a team of Japanese researchers led by Nobuhiro Yanai, associate professor at Kyushu University, has engineered a stable qubit using a special structure called a metal-organic framework. This structure involves combining pentacene molecules (made up of five connected benzene rings) with zirconium ions and organic dicarboxylate ligands. The pentacene molecules act like bridges, linking the ligands and ions together into a  framework made up of both organic molecules and metal ions–hence the name. The role of the qubit was played by a pair of neighboring pentacene molecules, which were  coupled and exist within five different quantum states achieved by irradiating the metal-organic framework with various wavelengths of microwave radiation. The metal-organic framework’s nanoscale voids offer the pentacene molecules a degree of freedom, but ultimately restricts their full movement under the radiation’s influence, ensuring they formed a desired quantum state and remained trapped in it for a significant amount of time. “The metal-organic framework in this work is a unique system that can densely accumulate [pentacene molecules],” said Yanai in a press release . “Additionally, the nanopores inside the crystal enable [them] to rotate, but at a very restrained angle.” The most important result of the study was that the team could maintain coherence for more than a hundred nanoseconds at room temperature, whereas previously this could only be achieved in similar systems at incredibly cold temperatures of about -200 degrees Celsius. At such temperatures, it was possible to maintain coherence only in photonic qubits, but in addition to needing such extreme conditions to operate, quantum computers using these photon qubits suffer from photon leakage. Maintaining cryogenic temperatures is not only expensive but complicates the entire computing setup. Thus, creating a stable qubit that operates at room temperature is an impressive and practical achievement. Looking ahead, the scientists are optimistic about extending coherence for even longer periods. They believe that by designing improved metal-organic frameworks and identifying more suitable molecules for qubits, they can push the boundaries further. “It will be possible to generate quintet […] state qubits more efficiently in the future by searching for guest molecules that can induce more such suppressed motions and by developing suitable metal-organic framework structures,” concluded Yanai. “This can open doors to room-temperature molecular quantum computing.” Reference: Akio Yamauchi et al, Room-temperature quantum coherence of entangled multiexcitons in a metal-organic framework , Science Advances (2024), DOI: 10.1126/sciadv.adi3147 Feature image credit: geralt on Pixabay ASN Weekly Sign up for our weekly newsletter and receive the latest science news directly to your inbox. Email* Yes, I have read and agree to Wiley’s Privacy Policy and Wiley’s Terms of Use . Subscribe Popular Titanium-based metamaterial unlocks strength beyond nature Quantum entanglement visualized for the first time ever An anti-inflammatory peptide may hold the key to low-back pain relief Materialism matters: The role of philosophy in science Researchers uncover a fundamental driver behind osteoarthritis Ibuprofen’s effect on red blood cells: A prickly affair Springer Nature staff to take unprecedented strike action The dramatic story behind general relativity’s Nobel Prize snub Explaining the “universe breaker” galaxies discovered by the James Webb Telescope Could a nuclear explosion set Earth’s atmosphere on fire? ASN Weekly Sign up for our weekly newsletter and receive the latest science news. Email* Yes, I have read and agree to Wiley’s Privacy Policy and Wiley’s Terms of Use . Subscribe Related posts: Scientists create the largest nonlinear photonic crystal to date Their unprecedented control over light will lead to breakthroughs in telecommunications, medical imaging, and quantum computing. Could twisted bismuth pave the way to a practical superconductor? “Magic angles” in twisted bismuth bilayers could induce superconductivity at more reasonable temperatures. What would it take to make quantum memristors a reality? Machine learning unveils the ideal structure of a quantum memristor, which could one day surpass current computing systems. Magnetic fields from the beginning of time may resolve the Hubble tension By adding primordial magnetic fields to the Standard Model, researchers may solve the mystery of the Universe’s expansion. World’s purest silicon chip could make quantum computers error-free A new method to purify silicon for quantum computer chips could solve one of the biggest challenges in quantum computing. Are quantum communications truly unhackable? Study suggests otherwise In theory, quantum communications should be impossible to hack, but study shows this may not be true in practice.
About Us Latest News Magazines Podcast Contact Us Insights Cryptocurrencies Gadgets Stocks White Papers Reports Industry Geography Insights Cryptocurrencies Gadgets Stocks White Papers Reports Industry Geography Latest News Top Breakthroughs in Quantum Computing Shiva Ganesh Published on : 08 Aug 2023, 10:00 am This breakthrough overcomes a significant obstacle to creating quantum computers Several sectors, including drug research, cryptography, finance, and logistics, are already utilizing quantum computing , a ground-breaking technology. It operates by utilizing quantum mechanical processes to do complicated computations in a portion of the time needed by classical computers . Quantum computers use quantum bits, or qubits, instead of conventional computers, which use binary bits (0 and 1). Superposition is a possible state for qubits. This implies that there is a chance for any qubit to be in both the 0 and 1 states simultaneously, exponentially enhancing the computing capability of quantum computers. 1. Quantum Supremacy: Despite the utility of the task, the goal of quantum supremacy is to show that a quantum computer can solve a problem that no classical computer can in an acceptable amount of time. The accomplishment of this objective indicates the superiority of a quantum computer over a classical computer in solving complicated problems. 2. Quantum Error Correction: The biggest issue with quantum computers is their susceptibility to errors brought on by unreliable controls and outside noise. This limits their usefulness because damaged data can occur when stored on a quantum computer. To reduce these flaws and guarantee error-free data storage on quantum computers, a technique known as quantum error correction (QEC) has been developed. 3. Fault-Tolerant Quantum Computing: The creation of practical quantum computers depends on detecting and eradicating defects. QEC handles errors in the quantum information stored, but what about errors that occur during operations? Is there a method to fix these mistakes and prevent the computations from becoming useless? Fault-tolerant quantum computing uses a combination of QECCs and fault-tolerant gates to ensure these errors are found and fixed. 4. Quantum Teleportation: Teleportation has been depicted much too frequently in science fiction films and television shows. But are any researchers on the verge of doing it? Yes and no. One can move a quantum state from one physical location to another using quantum teleportation without actually relocating the quantum state. It can be used for various things, including distributed quantum computing and secure quantum communication. 5. Topological Quantum Computing: The study of the characteristics of forms and spaces conserved when distorted is the subject of the mathematical field known as topology. But what connection does it have to quantum computing? Topological quantum computing provides a theoretical framework for manipulating and encoding qubits using quasiparticles known as anyons. The approach is based on the topological features of matter, specifically in the case of anyons, these particles' braided world lines. Disclaimer: Analytics Insight does not provide financial advice or guidance. Also note that the cryptocurrencies mentioned/listed on the website could potentially be scams, i.e. designed to induce you to invest financial resources that may be lost forever and not be recoverable once investments are made. You are responsible for conducting your own research (DYOR) before making any investments. Read more here. Computing Quantum Computing Quantum quantum computers Computers Related Stories No stories found. Analytics Insight www.analyticsinsight.net INSTALL APP
