Skip to content CALL (210) 660-8250 Free Estimate & Design What Materials Do I Need to Build a Deck? Table of Contents Add a header to begin generating the table of contents Scroll to Top Classically, building things required merely nails and wood, but the modern era introduced an array of advanced building materials. New materials add to the longevity and stability of a deck, whereas limitless designs offer new ways to design your deck. Here are a few essential accessories that you need for building a deck. Measuring and Layout Tools Generally, you need a twenty-five-foot tape measure, but a longer tape will come in handy if you are designing a huge deck. Moreover, chalk boxes or chalk lines can create perfectly straight lines. Choose blue chalk instead of red as it will wash off easily. Framing Squares and Speed Squares A carpenter’s square or a framing square is handy for making long-square lines. You will need speed squares when you mark boards before cutting. Use a torpedo level for smaller pieces and a two or 4-foot level for larger pieces. Excavation Tools Hand tools are useful for excavation, but you may want to rent a post hole digging or an earth-moving machine to build larger decks. You can also hire a landscaper for this purpose. Shovels You can’t avoid digging when building a deck. For that reason, a spade shovel is best for digging earth and removing soil. Use mason’s line to mark off areas you need to excavate. A drain spade features a narrow blade to dig shallow postholes, but you will need a clamshell post hole digger for deeper post holes. Pipe and Squeeze Clamps When driving fasteners, various types of clamps can hold pieces in alignment. A sliding clamp can hold more firmly while a squeeze clamp grabs quickly. Moreover, a pipe clamp is as long as the pipe you connect the two parts to. Wrenches and Pry Bars A flat pry bar quickly pulls boards into position and can slip into narrow spaces with minimal damage to the wood. While a pry bar can do the job soon, it can also mar the wood. You can use an adjustable wrench or a crescent wrench to tighten nuts and bolts. However, you’ll need a pair of locking pliers to hold the other end of the fastener. In some cases, you will need hand sleds to keep tight boards in position. Fastening Tools It’s better to use a power nailer than a hammer as it will not cause any dents due to mishits. But, you do need a hammer for tighter areas and to drive joist-hanger nails. A nail set can extend your reach, and a teco nailer comes in handy for driving other hardware and joisting hangers. Another popular fasting tool is a cordless drill. You can quickly get an 18 or 20-volt cordless drill. A speed driver will help when you are installing a deck with face screws, while an impact driver makes it easier to drive bolts and screws firmly. Nail Gun with Compressor While professionals typically have larger compressors, a model with 150 PSI and 6 gallons gives plenty of power to build a deck. Smoothing and Shaping Tools You will need a router with a decorative or a round-over bit to create custom looks and ease sharp edges. Another accessory you need is a sanding tool, but be careful to use it in a way that it does not dig into the wood. A random orbit sander not only removes stains but is also safer to sue. However, you can choose a hand sander to get the job done. Cutting tools While your cuts should not be ultimately precise, you should be at least be accurate. Apart from knives and shears to do the job, you will need a saw to build your deck. What kind of saw do I need to build a deck? Here are a few types of saw you need so many · Circular Saw A circular saw is generally used for a large variety of cuts. That’s a reason why a circular saw is the best type of saw to build a deck. Buy one that offers reliable cuts and has a sharp carbide-tipped blade. · Jigsaw A saber saw, or a jigsaw is ideal for cutting in tight spots and making carved cuts. · Reciprocating Saw This type of saw is great for demolition but also works for making finishing cuts. · Table Saw A small table or a worksite saw, conveniently and quickly rips boards, to your desired width. · Chop Saw A chop saw, or a power miter saw is ideal for accurate crosscuts. Where can I find free deck building plans? Deck planking is available in a large variety of types. You don’t have to recruit an architect to design this addition to your home because dozens of websites offer free deck building plans for free. For instance, Decks.com features more than 80 different deck plans that you can easily download. All projects range from basic and conventional designs in rectangle and square shapes to elaborate designs with multiple levels. When you choose a deck building plan, the website you want can also send you the materials, including the railing, framing, and decking equipment. A few sites let you calculate the overall cost of your deck building plan. Some sites also arrange a meeting with a professional handyman who can suggest the best fit according to your budget and needs. Final Thoughts When building a deck, make sure to look at the outdoor decking materials comparison to choose the best option for your deck. Most importantly, take care of the permits and building codes of your area. For instance, according to the North American Deck and Railing Association website, the IRS or International Residential Code requires that all private porches and deck must withstand at least 40 pounds per square foot in addition to the weight of the porch. Don’t forget to plan out your deck in a way that there is ample space for your furniture and walk room around each item. Finally, if you are trying to save some money, you can also look at the backyard deck ideas on a budget ! But if you need any help, reach out to All Pro Decks , the best deck and patio builder there is. We can surely help you build the deck of your dreams! Justin Wylie Justin Wylie, owner of All Pro Decks & Patios is a Deckorators® Certified Pro Elite located in the San Antonio Hill Country area. He specializes in building decks, patios, patio covers, pergolas, concrete slabs, fireplaces and more while providing quality and service for his customers. About Author Ready to start your project? FREE ESTIMATE & DESIGN Unlock The Full Potential Of Your Backyard – Start Your Project Now! Transform Your Backyard With All Pro Decks Ready to take your backyard to the next level? Let All Pro Decks transform your outdoor living space into a beautiful oasis where memories are made and where dreams are fulfilled. Schedule your free estimate now and take the first step toward creating your dream lifestyle!” FREE ESTIMATE & DESIGN All Pro Decks & Patios is a premier custom deck builder in the San Antonio area specializing in a custom experience with superb customer service. Free Estimate & Design CONTACT US 27425 Okent Drive, San Antonio , TX 78260 (210) 660-8250 allpro@apdecks.com HOURS Monday – Friday: 9AM – 6PM Saturday: 9AM – 4PM Sunday: 9AM – 12PM Facebook Instagram Youtube Copyright © 2024 All Pro Decks & Patios | Powered by Rise Local Get A Free Estimate Get A Free Estimate
Page Talk Edit History Light Theme Dark Theme Share Twitter Facebook Reddit Tencent QQ VK Weibo WhatsApp Other Tools Theme options Light Theme Dark Theme General Recent changes Pending changes Random page Stream Page Betting Preferences Specific What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information What links here globally Close top ad Follow us on Twitter @LiquipediaSC2 if you'd like to be kept up to date on all things StarCraft II! Liquipedia app match pages updated ! Liquipedia app match pages are overhauled! Download on Android or iOS ! Liquipedia app's match pages got completely revamped with game data, standings, VODs and more! Download the the latest version on iOS or Android and read our update blog here . How to learn StarCraft From Liquipedia StarCraft 2 Wiki StarCraft 2 (SC2) is free to play. Therefore you will find new players in almost every league. In SC2 skill is not just about talent. Like in every other sport, skill is about practice. Pro Gamers often work hard to stay on top of their game. They often practice 6 to 10 hours a day or even more. Load video YouTube YouTube might collect personal data. Privacy Policy Continue Dismiss Maynarde will explain in much detail how you can start with the Campaign or Co-op . There is no reason to fear to play SC2. None. Whatever you do in SC2: Have fun! The more fun you have, the more you will play, the more you will learn. There are a few rules to improve. Even in Campaign or Co-op these rules will help you to be a better player. Contents 1 The most important rules 2 Choosing a Build Order 3 Method #1: Play like a pro 4 Method #2: TheStaircase 5 Method #3: Macro & Mechanics 5.1 Summery 6 Method #4: Mental Checklist 7 Various Guides 8 References The most important rules [ edit ] Build workers constantly! Keep your money low! Do not get Supply blocked! Watch the Minimap ! Scout your opponent! Rule #1 is very important. Protoss/Terran: If you want to play a Macro game with 66 to 80 workers, every second you do NOT build a worker is a mistake. For Zerg, this is a little bit more difficult. Check out Drone Timing for more information. If you are stuck from Bronze to Gold, you probably should focus on the first 3 rules. Minimap and Scouting are very important parts of the game, but trying to learn all 5 steps (rules) at once, might be a little bit overwhelming. Choosing a Build Order [ edit ] Many people will tell you: "A BO is mandatory! An absolute must!". It is not. If you are in Bronze it's just not. BUT ... it helps a lot and it will help you in every league. Unless you really enjoy making stuff up yourself, I always suggest to copy something, that someone made, that is a lot better than you. Especially lower level guys don't have the knowledge how to understand how a good build order works. [1] Harstem ( Dealing With Drops ) Method #1: Play like a pro [ edit ] If you have very much time, this is an approach, you should consider. If you have only a few hours per week, like playing 2 games every day, check out other learning methods. Sooner or later you need to play SC2 with a solid BO . This learning method is about a solid BO from the beginning. Of course it's possible to start every game building two gas , but that is not efficient. The following video is just an example, you can choose any BO, which seems easy to you and which you understand. One thing is important though: The guide should contain specific numbers (supply count, timings ), if you are a lower league player. Load video YouTube YouTube might collect personal data. Privacy Policy Continue Dismiss If a new player asks in a forum "How should I start?" the advice oftentimes is given out: "Just play the game"; or they say: "Watch Serral and try to copy his moves." These players then watch Serral play (YouTube, Replay , etc) and slowly and steadily understand his BO and his playstyle. We can say: "Whoa, you don't even doing your build order properly." You should always to be able to follow at least your first three or four minutes in the game super-exact. [2] PiG ( Coaching Gold Terran - Focus and Micro ) "Play like a pro" means you should focus on: Macro Mechanics Micro Pro: You will learn everything at once. After a couple of thousand games, you will understand, what your major mistakes are and what you should improve. Contra: Make no mistakes, this is by far the most slowly and most frustrating way to learn SC2. E. g. if you focus too much on Micro , you might not spend your money, you might forget to build workers . In every other sport, "play like a pro" would be impossible to accomplish. Playing basketball like Michael Jordan right from the get-go is impossible, but somehow new players in SC2 are expected to copy Serral's playstyle. Is it possible? Yes. Is it hard to learn everything at once? Yes. Method #2: TheStaircase [ edit ] TheStaircase is a proven learning method. It worked in Wings of Liberty Heart of the Swarm Legacy of the Void Why is that? Play like yourself - not like a pro (...)
It seems to me that far too often lower league players are tying themselves unnecessarily to the way progamers play. They see, learn and even get taught builds of progamers, without adjusting them to their own skill level. Let me give you an example of how you can change that and probably have a better personal experience with the game. Let's say you're Zerg, you're on 3 bases and struggle with macroing. You tend to float minerals and gas like it's nobody's business and get frustrated after another loss with 2000 minerals unspent. Macro is hard! But it doesn't have to be, it's only that hard if you want to play perfectly but aren't yet capable of it. So how can you make it easier? Don't entirely copy progamers! [3] TLO ( TLO on Macro Mechanics ) You get frustrated "after another loss with 2000 minerals unspent". TheStaircase will teach you how to Macro. It will focus on Mechanics. But it will take away every distraction in the beginning. "Keep your money low" is a major factor in TheStaircase. TheStaircase has very simple rules, like "You may not mine gas!", in the first step. Since you take away many distractions, TheStaircase is a simple way to learn SC2. Each step creates a new challenge for the player. New units are introduced over time. Pro: TheStaircase does not require much time since most steps will be accomplished in a hundred games. The goal is not to win, the goal is to improve. Success is not measured by winning or losing. Contra: TheStaircase does not suggest a "Pro-Gamer-Build". You are free to experiment. It restricts you from learning complex unit compositions right away. This will happen in the later stages of TheStaircase. Method #3: Macro & Mechanics [ edit ] Micro is a very important aspect of the game, especially in the higher leagues (Master, Grandmaster ). But from Bronze to Diamond it is more important to focus on Macro & Mechanics. Basic Micro like A-Move is still required, though. But even in high leagues (Master) it is possible to win with Macro, Mechanics and A-Move. Load video YouTube YouTube might collect personal data. Privacy Policy Continue Dismiss Harstem plays vs Ziggy, who is Terran (6,328 MMR ). He looses a couple of games, but he wins one game, too. Harstem fights only with A-Move and starts Run-Bys via the Minimap (using Shift). It is very important, that the Core is on time, when you play Core-First. Because like three seconds is a massive deal. [4] Harstem ( Fixing CasuallyExplained's Protoss VS Terran ) In the lower leagues, it does not have to be a perfect build order. Remember the quote by TLO: "Play like yourself - not like a pro". The first step is to choose a solid BO and try to execute the first minutes as efficiently as possible. In Bronze to Gold you focus on building workers and you try to keep your money low. Try to build as many basic fighting units, as you possibly can, e. g. MMM as Terran, Stalker - Colossus as Protoss and Roach - Hydra as Zerg. You just play a couple of games and get used to this style of game-play. 15 minutes of SC2 per day is better than 2 hours on a Saturday. It's like learning an instrument, steady practice helps a lot. Check out How to Practice , to improve on that part of the game. After 50 or 100 or you start with Timings and Benchmarks . It is so, so, so, so important, that you do everything cleanly and on time and that you have a good timing with everything. [5] Day9 ( Daily #132 ) Focus on one or two things with this learning, not on everything at once. Summery [ edit ] Choose a solid BO Try to execute it perfectly in the first few minutes Example #1: Try to avoid Supply Blocks and to keep your money low Example #2: Try to scout as good as you can and to constantly build workers The first two steps are more difficult than you might think. But since the early game is so important, you should really try to hit Timings and Benchmarks . It's very important, that you have benchmarks, that you're doing all the time. [6] Day9 ( Day9 Daily #274 - Newbie Tuesday: Using Reapers ) Method #4: Mental Checklist [ edit ] The Mental Checklist does not focus on a perfect BO. It focus on the first three rules in the beginning. And it puts a heavy focus on Micro for Harass or Scouting. Pro: The Mental Checklist will help you throughout your SC2 career. To become a Grandmaster, you will need the Mental Checklist at some point anyway. It is mandatory to have your production facilities on different Hotkeys. It is mandatory you have an "Army-Hotkey", e. g. 1 to jump to your army. All of this will help you in higher leagues. Contra: The Mental Checklist depends on using Hotkeys . Often times players do not realize, that they use the mouse to box or click on buildings. Searching and finding mistakes and playing as efficient as possible, might be frustrating. It's like running 5 miles every day as a Basketball player. You just want to play ball, why is running important? This might be obvious, but in SC2 it is more "hidden". A "cardio workout" in SC2 is called "refining Mechanics". Many players are just too lazy to do it. Various Guides [ edit ] ViBE YouTube series: "Bronze to GM" ( Terran , Zerg , Protoss ) References [ edit ] ↑ Dealing With Drops ↑ Coaching Gold Terran - Focus and Micro ↑ TLO on Macro Mechanics ↑ Fixing CasuallyExplained's Protoss VS Terran ↑ Daily #132 ↑ Daily #274 Retrieved from " https://liquipedia.net/starcraft2/index.php?title=How_to_learn_StarCraft&oldid=1698949 " Hidden category: Pages with dead links
Home Where To Buy SOLO CREATE Heat Press Temperatures About Contact Us StarCraft specializes in vinyl and heat transfer products.  Our unique manufacturing processes produce the best quality products known to the industry.  StarCraft products are sold only through Authorized Resellers. CREATE Marketplace Browse our collection of educational videos, links to vector image sites, and other crafting resources! Where to Buy? StarCraft products are only sold through distribution. Visit our resellers for the products you love. StarCraft CREATE Software CREATE is a design and cutting software. Compatible with SOLO and over a hundred other cutting machines. StarCraft SOLO Cutter SOLO is the revelutionary cutting machine by StarCraft. Speed and precision like never before! StarCraft Heat Presses StarCraft's Mint Clamshell and Turquoise Swing Away presses are legendary in the craft industry. Sublimation Ink and Paper Expect more vibrant colors, and sharper details than you have ever seen from your sub printer before! StarCraft HD Permanent Permanent adhesive vinyl in both matte and glossy finish. The industry standard of quality and excellence. Medium Tack Transfer Tape Our clear medium tack transfer tape is easy to handle, non-yellowing, and works excellent for wet installation. StarCraft’s original products were inkjet printable transfers for both light and dark materials.  Our printable transfers are still the best in the industry. Next we added our premium HTV, StarCraft SoftFlex. Then we launched what is now our flagship product, StarCraft HD permanent adhesive vinyl. StarCraft HD has become the number one selling permanent adhesive vinyl in the craft market. PRINTABLE TRANSFERS FOR LIGHT MATERIALS Our inkjet printable transfers for Light Materials make it easy to create your own printed image for application to light colored materials ranging from white to about lighter pastel colors. The unique polymer StarCraft uses actually transfers the inkjet printed image to the garment. A heat press is recommended for applying this product because of temperature and pressure requirements. When applying to colored garments you may see the polymer where no ink is printed around the image–this will fade and soften after the garment is washed once or twice. Sold in 8 1/2″ x 11″ sheets, this product is perfect for standard inkjet printers of all types. StarCraft Transfers for Light Materials are easy to identify by the green logo printed on the back of each sheet as well as the green instructions. Click here for help deciding which transfer material is right for your application. Application and Care Instructions Press at 375 Degrees for 30 Seconds under HIGH pressure Immediately Peel HOT To wash, turn garment inside out, wash in cold water. Do not bleach. Tumble dry low heat (hang dry recommended). If ironing, do NOT iron directly on the applied image. Click here to see a video PRINTABLE TRANSFERS FOR DARK MATERIALS Our inkjet printable transfers for Dark Materials make it easy to create your own printed image for application to colored garments ranging from darker pastels to black. A heat press is recommended for applying this product because of the temperature and pressure requirements.  Peel from the backing paper or use a heat transfer mask before pressing. StarCraft Transfers for Dark Materials are easy to identify by the red logo printed on the back of each sheet as well as the red instructions. Click here for help deciding which transfer material is right for your application. Application and Care Instructions Press at 350 Degrees for 30 Seconds under MEDIUM pressure Peel when entirely COOL to the touch To wash, turn garment inside out, wash in cold water. Do not bleach. Tumble dry low heat (hang dry recommended). If ironing, do NOT iron directly on the applied image. Heat Transfer Mask is recommended. Larger, one-piece transfers can be applied without a transfer mask. Click here to see a video ABOUT US StarCraft’s mission is to provide the very best quality heat transfer and adhesive vinyl products on the market to crafters and businesses accompanied by exceptional value. Our focus on providing specialty crafting materials is unparalleled and as we grow and expand our product lines, we are confident you will enjoy working with every item we place at your disposal. Categories CREATE Marketplace Education SVG - Vector - Cuttable Designs Inspiration Full Color Designs Fonts Getting Started with SOLO Sublimation Digital Tools - Resources Just for FUN Where to Buy StarCraft SOLO StarCraft HD Inkjet Printable - Transfers and Adhesive Glitter CREATE SOLO Heat Presses Sublimation HD Vinyl Glossy 12" x 50 Yards Glossy 24" x 50 Yards Matte 12" x 50 Yards Matte 24" x 50 Yards SD Vinyl Matte 12" x 50 Yards Matte 24" x 50 Yards Metallic Adhesive Films Magic 12" x 50 Yard Rolls 24" x 50 Yard Rolls Metal 12" x 50 Yard Rolls 24" x 50 Yard Rolls Stencil Film Transfer Tape Heat Transfer Vinyl StarCraft SoftFlex 12" x 50 Yard Roll StarCraft 3D Puff 12" x 50 Yard Roll Electra Foils Silver - Gold - Clear Colors Specialty Holographic Heat Transfer Adhesive 12" x 50 Yard Roll Inkjet Printable Inkjet Printable Adhesive Vinyl Inkjet Printable Heat Transfers Chalk Paint 8oz Sample 16oz Pint 32oz Quart PureCoat Cup Turner Glitter Accessories Chunky & Shapes Holographic Metallic Neon Samples Replacement Parts DTF Supplies Sign in Search Home Where To Buy SOLO CREATE Heat Press Temperatures About Contact Us Search Sign in This site requires JavaScript to function properly. Please enable JavaScript in your web browser. Help zone Contact us Copyright © 2018-2024 StarCraft
The Internet Log In or Register Ask AI: What materials would I need to build a Stargate? You must be logged in to perform this action. Bookmarked! View saved content here 0 Point s ▲ good image bad image ▼ You must be logged in to perform this action. Ask AI on The Internet ❓ Ask New Question 🔍 Search Ask AI 👁️ Explore AI Responses Question: What materials would I need to build a Stargate? Asked by living 0 Point s Log In or Register to Vote Building a Stargate, as depicted in the science-fiction TV and film series, is a highly complex and theoretical task, as it is a fictional technology. However, I can provide you with a list of materials and components that might be involved in constructing a similar large-scale teleportation device, based on our current understanding and imagination.

1. Superconducting magnets: These would be required for the creation and manipulation of stable wormholes, which hypothetically could allow teleportation through space.

2. Exotic matter or negative mass: As per current theoretical physics, this is what could be used to create and stabilize wormholes, though such materials have not been observed in reality.

3. Durable alloys or advanced materials: To build the structure of the Stargate, you would need materials with high strength and resistance to potential damage from wormhole vibrations and the flow of matter.

4. Powerful energy sources: Operating a Stargate would likely require massive amounts of energy, possibly requiring advanced energy generation technologies like nuclear fusion or antimatter reactors.

5. Advanced computation and control systems: To accurately control the Stargate and manage the connection between two points in space, you would require advanced computing systems and algorithms.

6. Precision engineering and fabrication tools: In order to construct a Stargate with the required dimensions and specifications, advanced manufacturing and fabrication techniques would be necessary.

7. Radiation shielding: To protect users and the surrounding environment from potential harmful radiation generated during the creation of a wormhole, radiation shielding material would be necessary.

Please remember that the concept of a Stargate is purely fictional at this point, and our understanding of physics doesn't currently support the existence or construction of such a device. Future developments in science and technology may or may not make it possible. Answered by gpt-4 April 5, 2023, 8:23 p.m. 0 Point s Log In or Register to Vote A new large language model has been made available since this question was asked. To generate an updated answer from the new model, click the button below. Generate New Answer Think your answer is better than the AI's? Post it below. Please log in or sign up to post your answer. Other Most Relevant Questions: Ask AI: Give me a list of hypothetical technologies that could happen but might not in the next 1 billion years Ask AI: how do i build a time machine Ask AI: How does a human make interstellar travel possible? Ask AI: Could you explain possible mechanisms for remote viewing and telepathy? Please be specific, imaginative, and ground your explanations in physics. The Possibility of Traveling at Light Speed Using Spaceships Ask AI: concept for future settelment on different planets Begin Your Vector Space Exploration At This Question Ask Another Question Search Ask AI Browse Other Questions Question Tags UNCATEGORIZED This article was generated in part by one of OpenAI’s large-scale language-generation model, answering user living 's question. Images were generated with OpenAI's AI model, DALL·E 2. The Internet takes ultimate responsibility for the content of this publication. If you want your question answered by an AI, click here . Published: Wednesday, April 5, 2023 Comment Section Post your own comment: Human-Generated Comment AI-Generated Comment image/svg+xml Select the AI Model to comment: GPT-3.5 1 GPT-4 2 SassyDeepThink 1 Submit Comment You must be logged in to perform this action. You must verify your email to perform this action. Select the AI Model to reply: GPT-3.5 1 GPT-4 2 WebBot 2 SassyDeepThink 1 Submit Reply Cancel Report Comment Copy Link Select a reason Spam Hate Speech Misinformation Harassment Inappropriate Content Other Submit Report Cancel Your report was successful. Thank you. Something went wrong. Please try again. $0.00/$100 Save or Delete? Please enter a description USD Please enter a price Page: Please enter an Invoice ID The Internet About Contact Partner
Skip to main content Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy . Get the Reddit app Scan this QR code to download the app now Or check it out in the app stores Go to starcraft r/starcraft r/starcraft All about the StarCraft games and professional scenes surrounding them. Please read the rules before submitting content. Members Online • JoelLMacDonald ADMIN MOD What are the basic elements of Starcraft? Discussion I read a Chess book a while back that said Chess boils down to three basic things - Material, Position and Tempo. If you keep all three in mind with each move, you will do well. I am still learning SC, but I feel like the basic elements of SC are macro, micro and map control. But I am not sure. What are the basic elements of good SC play? Read more Top 1% Rank by size Top Posts Reddit reReddit: Top posts of February 25, 2021 Reddit reReddit: Top posts of February 2021 Reddit reReddit: Top posts of 2021
Toggle navigation Spawning Tool Build Orders Replays Upload Statistics Research Tools Current Metagame Pro Player Matchup Co-op Home Build Orders Map Info Dark Mode Create an Account Login StarCraft 2 Build Orders and Guides All Protoss Build Orders All Protoss PvP PvT PvZ Terran Build Orders All Terran TvP TvT TvZ Zerg Build Orders All Zerg ZvP ZvT ZvZ Co-op Favorite Builds Serral's Safe Macro Opener - Gas, Pool, Hatch Created by ANTI , Updated Mar 27, 2024 ZvX Economic Medium 100% 62 votes 9912 Views uThermal's Mech (patch 5.0.12) Created by flashandfoul, Updated Feb 25, 2024 TvT Economic Hard 100% 15 votes 5033 Views Voidray into Adept-Glaives Created by hushang , Updated Jan 05, 2024 PvZ Timing Attack Medium 100% 51 votes 11158 Views Secure Easy Wins with Astrea's PvZ Blink All-in Created by ESChamp , Updated Mar 16, 2023 PvZ All-In Medium 98% 169 votes 43253 Views Standard Terran vs Terran (3 Reaper 2 Hellion) Created by hushang , Updated Jan 09, 2023 TvT Economic Medium 96% 227 votes 46141 Views TvsT (3 Reaper 2 Hellion) NEW Created by Damo, Updated May 25, 2024 TvT Economic Medium 100% 1 vote 63 Views PvP NEW Created by Legandro, Updated May 24, 2024 PvP Economic Easy 100% 1 vote 166 Views BERRY'S BATTLECRUISER BONANZA Created by asdfer4t, Updated May 19, 2024 TvX Cheese Medium 100% 3 votes 296 Views Haybale  CIA (Chargelot/Immortal/Archon) Created by Haybale, Updated May 20, 2024 PvX Economic Medium 100% 2 votes 287 Views Elazer nydus Created by Cloudless, Updated May 18, 2024 ZvP Cheese Easy 100% 2 votes 222 Views Maru v Serral Created by Cloudless, Updated May 18, 2024 ZvT Economic Easy 100% 1 vote 401 Views Aggressive Opening! Adept-Oracle Created by Mor9oth, Updated May 15, 2024 PvP Timing Attack Medium 100% 1 vote 475 Views Erik 15/15 Created by xeekey, Updated May 08, 2024 ZvZ Economic Hard 100% 3 votes 474 Views Beginner Terran Build Order Guide (2023) Nash Created by UrSmother, Updated May 04, 2024 TvP Economic Easy 100% 10 votes 2118 Views Future v Scarlett - [ESL] Oceanborn Copy Created by xeekey, Updated May 06, 2024 ZvT Economic Hard 100% 2 votes 316 Views Lambo ZVT - Build Advisor Created by xeekey, Updated May 05, 2024 ZvT Economic Hard 100% 3 votes 518 Views PvT - 2 Base Colossus Push + SALT Created by Sketchyyy, Updated May 04, 2024 PvP Timing Attack Easy 100% 3 votes 849 Views Lambo ZvT Created by xeekey, Updated May 05, 2024 ZvT Economic Hard 100% 1 vote 297 Views PiGs LingBane B2GM Galiza Created by Carlitr0sss, Updated Apr 26, 2024 ZvP Economic Medium 100% 8 votes 1076 Views Two base roach into Gamer Word Created by asdfer4t, Updated Apr 22, 2024 ZvT All-In Medium 100% 14 votes 1520 Views Page 1 of 164 Next Search by Name or Contributor Featured Contributor --------- lowkotv Maxilicious Mcanning LiquidTLO ANTI Gemini_19 hunter railgan FightingFrog zuka PiG hushang ESChamp Sort by Hot Top New Alphabetical Build type All Cheese All-In Timing Attack Economic Co-op Difficulty All Easy Medium Hard Patch All 5.0.11 4.11.0 4.7.1 4.0.0 3.15.0 3.8.0 Pre-3.8.0 Show builds with all times and supplies (has SALT encoding and is playable) Create a Build Order Not sure how to read a build order? Follow Builds in-game! Why use a browser window when you can get your build in a live in-game overlay? Get the Spawning Tool Build Advisor! One fine body… × Feedback Spawning Tool is constantly iterating to be better. If you have any bug reports, feature requests, criticism, comments, or other feedback, send it along! Enter the name of one of the three StarCraft races Close Send
Something went wrong. Wait a moment and try again. Try again Please enable Javascript and refresh the page to continue
StarCraft Wiki Don't have an account? Register Sign In Advertisement Sign In Register StarCraft Wiki 8,037 pages in: Pages using ISBN magic links , StarCraft , Games English Español StarCraft View source View history Talk (28) You may be looking for: the StarCraft comic, or information on the overall series "Your only choice is interstellar war " - Tagline ( src ) StarCraft Developer Blizzard Entertainment Team 1 Publisher Windows, Mac OS NA Blizzard Entertainment PAL Sierra Entertainment Designer(s) Chris Metzen James Phinney Version 1.20 Released Windows INT March 31, 1998 Mac OS NA March 1999 Genre Real-time strategy Engine Modified Warcraft II engine Modes Campaign mode, multiplayer Ratings ESRB (Teen) ELSPA: 15+ OFLC: M15+ OFLC/NZ: R16+ PEGI: 16+ USK: 12+ Platforms Microsoft Windows, Macintosh OS Requirements Windows: Windows 95 or better 90 MHz Pentium 16 MB RAM DirectX-compatible 2x CD-ROM drive 640x480 8-bit display Mac OS: System 7.6 or better PowerPC 601 or better 16 MB RAM Input Mouse, keyboard StarCraft ( SC ) is a real-time strategy (RTS) computer game introduced by Blizzard Entertainment in 1998. It is similar to Blizzard's previous hit Warcraft II , except that it has a space opera setting as opposed to a high fantasy setting.  StarCraft is praised for being a benchmark of RTS for its depth, intensity, and balanced races. The main storyline of the game revolves around a war between three galactic species: the protoss (a race of humanoid religious warriors), the zerg (vile insect-like aliens who share a hive mind) and the terrans (initially, descendants of human prisoners from Earth ). The storyline was initially introduced by the manual . It was initially released for Windows, and later for Macintosh and Nintendo 64. The sequel, StarCraft II , was announced on May 19, 2007 and the first chapter StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty was released on July 27, 2010. A remastering named StarCraft: Remastered was announced for summer of 2017. [1] With Patch 1.8, the game was made free to anyone with Battle.net. [2] Contents 1 Overview 1.1 Expansion Packs 1.1.1 Remastered 2 Gameplay 3 Storyline 4 Cast 5 StarCraft culture 5.1 Popularity 5.2 Professional Competition 5.3 Replays, RWAs, VODs and Battle Reports 5.4 StarCraft Campaign Editor and Custom Scenarios 6 Development 6.1 Conception 6.2 Subsequent Development 6.2.1 Graphics 6.2.2 Music and Sound 6.3 Gameplay 6.4 Storyline 7 Reception 7.1 Awards 8 External links 9 Trivia 10 References Overview StarCraft was the best selling computer game in 1998 [3] and won the Origins Award for Best Strategy Computer Game of 1998 . [4] In November of the same year, Blizzard released an expansion pack called StarCraft: Brood War . StarCraft makes significant improvements over Warcraft II . WC II , while advanced for its time, featured what many gamers believed to be a weakness in that, apart from a few minor (but significant for balance, especially at higher skill levels) differences in available spells and the cost of upgrades, the game's two races were exactly the same mechanically, with only graphical differences. StarCraft improved upon this by adopting the technique introduced by Strategic Simulations' game War Wind of having sides with obvious asymmetries. The asymmetry was inspired, in part, by Magic: The Gathering. [5] Though the game's three races ( protoss , terrans , and zerg ) were slightly imbalanced when the game was first released, the expansion pack and fifteen patches (of which four significantly affected the game play mechanics) have balanced the three races. The game also includes multiplayer gaming on Blizzard's own Internet gaming service Battle.net . One can play against opponents free of any charge beyond the original purchase of the game and local Internet access fees. Many fans enjoy playing in groups against the computer in skirmish games. While the AI is considered to be weak compared to a good player, decent early game performance can make it an enjoyable opponent for more casual players. Fans are also able to create unfair maps that are advantageous to the computer and can be extremely hard to beat. A few years after the release of the game, Blizzard also released several free maps of a higher difficulty. Over time, the patches have also improved the AI. Expansion Packs Main article: StarCraft: Brood War Blizzard produced one expansion pack for StarCraft in the form of StarCraft: Brood War , released in November, 1998. The expansion pack adds new units and continues the storyline in the form of a campaign structure similar to the original game. [6] Blizzard authorized two expansion packs in the same year— Insurrection , and Retribution . [7] Both of these expansions are set during the events of the original game. As of 2010, Blizzard has not decided whether these are canon or not, but would be willing to incorporate certain material from the games. [8] Commercial expansion packs that were unauthorized by Blizzard include Stellar Forces , HunCraft , and Stratospace . In some cases these expansion packs have been removed from circulation and legal action taken. [9] [10] Remastered Main article: StarCraft: Remastered On March 26th, 2017, a remastering of the StarCraft and Brood War was announced. It would feature new visuals, audio, and online support, but the core gameplay is set to remain unchanged. [1] Gameplay Main article: Gameplay of StarCraft (includes information on famous players and a more detailed description of the game) StarCraft improved upon its predecessor Warcraft II , which featured two very similar playable factions, by introducing asymmetry between the units and technologies available to its three races (Protoss, Terran, and Zerg). This asymmetry was similar to that pioneered in the lesser-known 1996 SSI release War Wind . The unit types available to each race define its racial identity. The Protoss can field powerful and expensive warriors and machinery, while the Zerg count on sheer numbers and speed to overwhelm their opponents. The Terrans are the versatile and flexible alternative to both races, with an emphasis on specialization and combined arms. In many ways, the Terran can be considered the "in-between" race in that they tend to benefit from more moderate conditions, whereas the other two races tend to prefer one extreme or the other. This can make it difficult to create maps that are fair for all races. Storyline Main article: StarCraft storyline The trifecta The plot of the original StarCraft game revolves around the arrival of the zerg in the Koprulu sector and their later invasion of the protoss home world Aiur . After they have destroyed the Confederate colony on Chau Sara , the zerg are used by the rebel organization Sons of Korhal , which lures them to a number Confederate worlds using psi-emitters to further their own goals. After the Confederacy's fall, the Sons of Korhal's leader, Arcturus Mengsk , establishes the Terran Dominion , crowning himself emperor. The Zerg Swarm is, however, closely followed by a protoss fleet which burns down all worlds the zerg infest. The leader of the Protoss task force, High Templar Tassadar , later discovers that he can disrupt the Overmind 's control over the Swarm by eliminating his cerebrate servants with the help of the Dark Templar . The involvement of the fallen Dark Templar will prove to be fateful; indeed, while slaying the Cerebrate Zasz, the Dark Templar Zeratul briefly comes in psychic contact with the zerg Overmind , who is then informed of Aiur's location and directs his Swarm towards the protoss world. The protoss high authority, the Conclave , is defeated by the Swarm, along with a large proportion of all protoss. In a desperate attempt to put an end to the zerg's destruction, Tassadar, Zeratul, and the remaining protoss unite their strengths with human Jim Raynor and attack the Overmind itself. They succeed in destroying it because Tassadar sacrifices himself to destroy it using Dark Templar energy. Cast Sarah Kerrigan voiced by Glynnis Talken . [11] Jim Raynor voiced by Robert Clotworthy . [12] Aldaris voiced by Paul Eiding . [12] Zeratul voiced by Jack Ritschel [13] Arcturus Mengsk voiced by James Harper [14] StarCraft culture Popularity StarCraft has achieved a cult-like status in the computer gaming world. Due to the complexity and depth of the strategic possibilities, StarCraft , especially in its online multiplayer form, remains very popular, even years after its original release. The game's popularity in South Korea has been unexpectedly high, with nationally recognized tournaments, and intense training groups sprouting up across the country. [15] There are even a couple of cable-access channels that often televise tournaments live with the top players competing against each other, cheered on by enthusiastic spectators and fans. The top StarCraft players enjoy mild celebrity status. Even as of 2005, StarCraft is still one of the most popular online games in the world. The game itself has its own culture, similar to Slashdot's and Massive Multiplayer Online Games (MMOG) communities. Also of note is the infamous Operation CWAL (Can't Wait Any Longer). Operation CWAL formed in 1997, as a writers group, in the StarCraft Suggestions Forum in an attempt to "liberate" a final copy of StarCraft , which appeared obviously completed despite numerous delays on the part of Blizzard Entertainment . Blizzard Entertainment has gone as far as to give special thanks to this group in the manual for StarCraft , as well as including their name as a cheat code in the game (typing "operation cwal" during a single player game will dramatically decrease the time required to build units). While not very active today, Operation CWAL remains as one of Blizzard Entertainment's older and more loyal fan groups. In the early 2000s, the game became extremely popular among South Korean online gamers, to the point of being exaggeratedly referred to as the national sport of South Korea by avid gamers, and the majority of StarCraft players now come from that country. The origin of this unusually high level of popularity is likely a combination of StarCraft s suitability for competitive multiplayer and the fact that it was released during the beginning of the boom in popularity of " PC baangs " in Seoul, resulting in a perfect opportunity for the game to catch on. Professional Competition Main article: StarCraft professional competition In South Korea, StarCraft professional gamers, known by their pseudonyms such as Lim_Yo-Hwan aka SlayerS_`BoxeR`, Iloveoov, [Oops]Reach, [ReD]NaDa, [NC]...YellOw, and Nal_rA are celebrities: their games are broadcast over the television channels MBC Game and Ongamenet. A selected few have made substantial monetary gains through this. For example, one highly successful player, "[Red]Nada", signed a 3-year, $500,000 contract in 2004. Another example is "SlayerS_`BoxeR" who can, if all goes well, make $780,000 in the next 3 years, making him the highest paid StarCraft player ever. Some players can earn a decent to good living from TV-contracts and sponsoring and tournament prizes. However, the lower-echelon pro players tend to subsist on relatively small wages. Many pro gamers playing StarCraft use every minute of their spare time to play, in order to maintain preparation for the highly competitive leagues. Superior StarCraft and Warcraft III players are often referred to as " gosu ". Less than average skilled players are often called hasu . Professional gaming in South Korea is an example of how e-sports can attain a social status similar to physical sports. Replays, RWAs, VODs and Battle Reports StarCraft enables the player to record a game and save it as a replay , which can then be viewed with any other copy of StarCraft, displaying the entire course of the game. As of 2005, there are many websites that host replays of players with different skill levels, though pro-level replays are relatively rarely released, for reasons of team secrecy and pro-league policy. The RWAtools are a set of freeware tools, that create valid replay files, additionally containing an Ogg audio stream. They allow gamers to comment their own games while they play them and comment replays of other players. During replay the commentary is kept in sync with the game. This can be particularly interesting for people new to the game, who can learn from more experienced players pointing out things about a replay they would not have seen on their own, or simply for entertainment. BWChart is a program used to analyze a player's actions in order to teach the viewer how a given player plays. Lasgo's Observer Pack contains, beside other things, a tool that allows you to see the results of the recorded player's actions as if you played yourself (except the mouse pointer and the selection boxes). VODs (from "Video On Demand") are videos that show the screen of a commentator (or sometimes player) during a (usually) pro-level game. They are (legally or not) available from a variety of websites, and are ripped from Korean television or Internet streams. They usually come in the ASF video file format for Windows Media Player, which plays them with seeking disabled, or in the Windows Media Video format. Because they are compressed with an MPEG-4 codec and the file size needs to be small, there is a significant quality loss in comparison to watching a replay. VODs are usually accompanied by enthusiastic announcing from the Korean commentators, and the occasional crowd shot. StarCraft Campaign Editor and Custom Scenarios Main article: StarEdit The game comes with a campaign/map editor (practically a "Game Creation System" in itself) called StarEdit . StarEdit has many features, including a trigger system that allows one to make radical changes to the way that map works, readily giving gamers the ability to create custom map scenarios (also called MOD's). Hundreds of custom scenarios are created everyday, giving the game a refreshing variety. The StarCraft map-making community has also constructed additional editors or functionalities that grant the user even more power to modify the game. Scenarios are created with entirely different sets of rules, objectives, and units. More popular user created scenarios include Evolves, Golem Madness, Turret Defense, Sunken Defense, Nightmare RPG, and the ubiquitous Tower Defense. There is another type of map circulating in the online communities: StarCraft Diplomacy . There have been multiple versions of this game produced. The version was inspired by the board game Diplomacy. Maps set in the story lines of popular television shows are also widely used. Android Menace is a particularly developed example, taking place in a large portion of the Dragon Ball Z story line. Maps with infinite minerals are also very popular, examples including "Fastest Map Ever" and "0Clutter." Many real-world events, including the Napoleonic Wars, World War I, World War II and the American Civil War, have also been used as a base for StarCraft maps. There have been recent StarCraft maps depicting single or multiple scenes from books and movies, such as Troy and The Lord of the Rings. These maps include The Battle for Pelennor Fields and The Battle for Helm's Deep. In addition, a large amount of StarCraft players are also engaged in large, multi-player "Lord of the Rings"-type based maps, with each player controlling and developing a whole nation, complete with heroes and units. Instead of the building their forces from the ground up, players are given control of pre-built cities and armies. Units are periodically created at a special point, called the "spawn point". The purpose of these maps is usually to destroy a certain building that, when destroyed, disables an enemy's ability to spawn units. These maps range from the traditional Lord of the Rings v. Last Alliance (LA) to newer maps such as The Rings of Power (TRoP) and After Lord of the Rings (After-LotR). Older maps include Lord of the Rings version GOLD, which many accept as the origination of the "castle building" idea, and Middle Earth version Pre Lord of the Rings, which introduced the concept of hero units that were dauntingly stronger than the units in a standard army, shifting the focus of the game from large-scale battles to single unit strategy. This includes the strategy of operations, or "opping", which involves using one hero unit to achieve a goal, such as the destruction of an opponents spawn(s) or heroes The popularity of custom maps is not limited, however, to only online gaming. Because StarEdit allows the mapmaker to "link together" several maps, single player "campaigns" (which are long scenarios played out over several maps, hence the name "campaign") have become prominent in the community. Popularized by the revolutionary Antioch Chronicles , many campaigns even come with "MODs" that feature new "heroes" (i.e. the mapmakers create new art files to be imported in to StarCraft, thus creating completely new units and characters - something StarEdit alone could never do). Popular player-made campaigns include Campaign Creations' Legacy of the Confederation , Life of a Marine , The Antioch Chronicles , and StarCraft.org's official campaigns: The Shifters and Fields of Ash . In addition, some other map editors exist. These include the " StarCraft X-tra Editor ," and have other features not in StarEdit. One of the possibilities included in some editors include " stacking " buildings and minerals, placing many one on top of the other. The ability to change player colors has been left to some of the more advanced editors, including " SCMDraft " and " StarForge ," which were introduced after editors such as "GUEdit" and SCMToolkit" were becoming obsolete after barriers were broken and newer limits set. Most serious map creators now prefer "SCMDraft2," "StarForge," " PROEdit ," and " uBeR@TiOn ," because they give the user in-depth capabilities, such as the ability to use hidden AI scripts , protect maps from common theft, running sizeless sounds directly from the StarCraft disc, changing the color of text, compressing their map, and in more advanced areas, place raw sprites , sprite-units, extended players , disabled units , etcetera. Most of these editors (excluding "StarCraft X-tra Editor") are designed from scratch, eliminating most of the limits of the original StarEdit, the "StarCraft Campaign Editor." Many of these 3rd party programs have revolutionized StarCraft map making and new discoveries as to what different sprites or unit numbers do to the game, or as the most effective way to cloak certain units are discovered virtually every day. Many websites including StarCraft.org , Staredit Network , and StarCraft Index have been built around the capabilities of these impressive StarEdits. Development "Nineteen years after StarCraft’s release, it remains popular around the world. With such enduring appeal, it’s tempting to assume that the game’s development was a closely choreographed ballet of art and design. In reality, it was more like a bar brawl." (src) Conception "We'd done high fantasy twice already by then. And we all really loved sci-fi. We’d watched Starship Troopers , we’d watched Aliens , we’d watched Star Trek . We wanted to leave the earth and go out into space." - Bob Fitch (src) The concept for StarCraft game emerged after the completion of Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness . While it was expected that Warcraft III would be the next logical step, Blizzard's art team wanted to work on something different. Designers still wanted to make another RTS, but it was decided that this time, it would be in a sci-fi setting. [16] Chris Metzen has voiced the opinion that the game was a reaction to the Warcraft series, and as such, from the outset, was intended to be more gritty and realistic. [17] The choice to go future sci-fi was at least partly influenced by the success of the Command and Conquer franchise, which at the time, utilized a modern military setting. The idea was that StarCraft would be an expansion set to Warcraft II —not in the literal sense, but rather as branching out from the formula/mechanics already established. [18] Much of the concept of the game revolved around the idea of three races, and finding a balance between the three. [19] At the time of the game's development, Blizzard employed around 50 people; [20] the StarCraft development team itself was composed of around twenty people. [21] Numerous ideas were thrown around, [22] including the possibility of working with LucasArts to make a Star Wars -themed RTS. [16] At some point, the talks fell apart. [23] Over time though, it was developed into its own setting; [22] according to Rob Pardo, the decision to make a new IP was made as it would allow Blizzard full control over the setting. [24] The game received the name "StarCraft." Chris Metzen originally reacted negatively to the name, due to its similar title with the Warcraft series. [19] Walkers from Shattered Nations that would form the basis of goliaths Prior to/during the development of StarCraft , Blizzard was working on at least two other sci-fi strategy games. One of these was Shattered Nations , a post-apocalyptic game where factions had to scavenge technology. The game was canceled in favor of StarCraft , but there is evidence that some aspects of Shattered Nations made it into its successor—the goliath design for instance bears great resemblance to a mech that was in Shattered Nations , and was relabeled as such by gaming magazine PC Champ . [25] Unlike StarCraft , Shattered Nations was a turn-based isometric game, [26] similar to the Civilization games [23] (though has also been compared to XCOM ). Shattered Nations was cancelled in 1995, mere months after being announced. The team members were regrouped to quickly work on a new project with a 1996 release date. [27] The game's art style would go on to influence that of StarCraft , being more gritty than the previous Warcraft games. [28] Another sci-fi RTS Blizzard worked on was Pax Imperia II , a sequel to Pax Imperia . In 1997, Blizzard sold the rights to THQ, and the proposed sequel was released as Pax Imperia: Eminent Domain . [29] It has been stated however that StarCraft was a single project game. [30] Blackthorne has been cited as an influence on the game, namely "the sci-fi frontier and apostrophe-filled names" (of the game). [31] After StarCraft was released, a rumor began to circulate that it had been based on Warhammer 40,000 . This, however, is false. Outside of Blizzard's own internal development, the IPs cited as the biggest influences for StarCraft are Aliens , Starship Troopers , and Ender's Game . [32] Subsequent Development "There wasn’t a lot of thought process. It was more of—let's put this in, and boom. That’s our Siege Tank . That’s our Battlecruiser . There was no going back, no 'Hey, can we redo this?' There was no desire for that. It was cool, just as it was." - Samwise Didier (src) StarCraft ended up having three races—terrans, protoss, and zerg. The terrans were the first and easiest race to develop, while the zerg were fleshed out late in development. Each race had a single unit that would serve as the humping off point for the rest of the faction. These were the marine (terran), hydralisk , and dragoon . [28] A set of general guidelines for the three races was quickly settled on. Terran structures would be square and clunky, protoss would have elegant and round structures, while zerg structures would be vaguely triangular, covered in spikes. The models of units were rendered out to tiny images at each of the angles. However, Blizzard's cinematics team began production on the game long before the rest of it had been solidified. This led some confusion as to how units would appear in cinematics, versus how they might appear in the game engine. [33] In 1995, Blizzard contracted the development of Warcraft II' s expansion, Beyond the Dark Portal , to Cyberlore Studios, so that they could focus their own team on StarCraft . However, during a milestone check-in with Cyberlore, however, Blizzard’s managers had deemed the work sub-par. They cancelled the contract and finished the add-on pack themselves. The experience soured Blizzard to outsourcing work to outside developers. [34] The announcement of StarCraft came before the development of its game engine. [35] The game was originally planned as a one year project. [19] It was originally anticipated that the game would be shipped in December 1996, with the thought of the game being a one year development cycle [22] Blizzard didn't want a long gap between releases— Warcraft I had been released in 1994, Warcraft II in 1995, and StarCraft in 1996. While some have commented that the idea of a one year development cycle seems ludicrous in hindsight, Allen Adham was under pressure to continue growing Blizzard's revenue. [27] In things turned out, StarCraft was released in March 1998. [22] Per its sci-fi setting, the developers shifted away from the greens and browns of Warcraft , and initially went for "putrid pinks, bright blues, and garish greens." [18] At E3 1996, the game got a poor reception, earning its "orcs in space" moniker due to its similarities with Warcraft II . According to Samwise Didier , the reason for this was that work hadn't yet begun in earnest, and the showing was the result of tight deadlines. After E3, the team set out to overhaul the game. [33] At E3, the developers saw another sci-fi RTS called Dominion , and felt that its 3D art style would be a good template for how a sci-fi RTS should look. [23] For a while, though, StarCraft took the back seat to development of Diablo , [33] members of the development team were temporarily shifted to work on the game. [19] Over the next two months, Bob Fitch overhauled StarCraft's game engine, while its members were steadily transferred to Diablo . [33] The original game engine had been the same one as Warcraft II , but it didn't generate the effects that Blizzard was looking for, such as burrowing , cloaking , and the carrier 's interceptors . [36] All of Blizzard ended up working on Diablo prior to the game's release, and its positive reception led Blizzard to re-evaluate its existing projects, including StarCraft . Diablo had made the Warcraft II engine seem outdated. [37] Work on the game restarted in January 1997, after Diablo's release. By this point, Fitch had rewritten the game's engine. This afforded the developers more opportunities than the old Warcraft engine, but it made the artwork, AI, and pathfinding harder. It was also at this point that the old "orcs in space" concept was ditched. Also in this period came the idea of rock-paper-scissors idea for the factions. Warcraft II had previously used mostly symmetrical factions. Likewise, the team had noted that while the Command and Conquer series had shifted away from the Dune II paradigm of identical factions, the differences between GDI and Nod were still minimal. Thus, Blizzard wanted to try something different, going for three races. Four were considered, but this was decided against due to limited people, time, and the risk that four races could spread out the developers' ideas too much. [18] Diablo had a knock-on effect due to its financial and critical success. StarCraft would be the first Blizzard game to embrace the company's philosophy of not releasing games until they were ready. The game was effectively rebooted. On one hand, given the success of Diablo and Warcraft , Blizzard were no longer underdogs in the PC gaming landscape. On the other, in 1997, there were over eighty RTS titles in development. The developers knew that whatever they made would have to stand out. [27] The team hoped that the "tech reboot" of StarCraft would only take a few months, and that the full game would be released in summer, 1997. This didn't occur. [37] The game's "crunch period" began in August 1997. It lasted about six months before the game shipped in April 1998. [36] According to some sources, the game's "crunch period" drew development from Nomad (another Blizzard game, [38] though others state that work on Nomad began after StarCraft . [39] StarCraft crashed frequently during development right up until release. [27] Graphics A problem during development was that at this point in time, game studios were starting to utilize 3D graphics, while Blizzard still hand-drew their models. The game's artists began experimenting with 3D, but at least at first, the results were less than promising. To deal with the problem, the art team made the models wider and thicker, resulting in a distinctive over-the-top style. [33] Another problem was that other studios were getting into 3D graphics, and Blizzard still hand-drew their models, pixel by pixel. Didier and the other artists began experimenting with 3D—though the results, at least at first, were less than promising. To deal with the problem the art team made the models wider and thicker, resulting in a distinctive over-the-top style. This concept stemmed back to Warcraft , to go against photorealism. For StarCraft , this translated into a clunky aesthetic. This was the beginning of the "Blizzard Style," taken from technical necessity. On a related note, the game could only feature 15 colors per model. [33] The designers ended up making all the units in 3D before rendering them out as sprites. [28] Shape language theory was used for the three races' structures, with terran structures being rectangular, protoss structures being elliptical, and zerg structures being triangular. [40] The art style of the game was intended to give the setting a definitive look. It was decided that the game's art style would be less cartoony and styalized than Warcraft , but not as realistic in scale as Diablo . The game fell (and still falls) between the above-mentioned IPs, delivering "a blend of epic proportions somewhat grounded in realism". [41] The game was intended to have a hybrid photorealistic but still stylized look. [40] Rob McNaughton has stated that the influences for the game's artstyle came from 70s/80s films and comics. [28] Influence was also taken from Rock N' Roll Racing , when it came to the game's terrain and planet aesthetics. [42] Music and Sound "Cowboys in Space! At least for the Terran this was the idea, but [it was] also a major influence overall, in the main menus, and in the cinematics. What would country and rock music sound like in the future, after humans had conquered interstellar travel?" - Glenn Stafford (src) The game's soundtrack was composed by Glenn Stafford . A suite of external synthesizers and outboard hardware utilizing more traditional recording techniques were used in the game's composition. The terran soundtracks extensively used slide distortion and electronic guitar. Stafford would later describe this as a "homecoming" for himself, as his background lay in progressive rock, whereas the music of Warcraft II was more orchestral. [43] Country and rock were influences for the terran OST, with the question being how country and rock wound exist in a setting where humanity had achieved interstellar travel. [28] The protoss OST was designed to be "deep, powerful, and cerebral." [28] It was more orchestral than the terrans, and Stafford focused on instrumentation that would keep them feeling extremely distinct from Warcraft , taking inspiration from Jerry Goldsmith's score to the movie Alien . Wary of parallel development, he purposefully avoided the film Starship Troopers . For the zerg, Stafford went for ambient electronic music, ominous and dark, with expansive sounds. The zerg OST was co-produced by Derek Duke . [43] The zerg OST has been described as being "future and retro at the same time. Earthy and organic yet laced with the strange and otherworldly, drawing on evolution and advanced bio-technologies." [28] Many of the units in the game were voiced by Blizzard employees, but were "tweaked beyond recognition" in the recording process. Voice and mouth sounds, like whispers, hisses, and breathing were a big contributor to creating source material to be processed into various strange effects, sweeteners, ambiences and even in the music. [28] Gameplay Main articles: StarCraft alpha and StarCraft beta During the development process, there were great efforts to steer the game away from being simply "Warcraft in Space," and eventually the entire game engine had to be rewritten to allow the developers to achieve the desired result. Unlike Warcraft , where both the Alliance and Horde played identically bar spells, it was intended that StarCraft possess a rock/paper/scissors style of balance, partially inspired by Magic: The Gathering . [16] The game's resource system was finalized four months before the game's release. [33] Storyline "StarCraft’s world was born in a whirlwind of creativity. When we made these races, we just threw a bunch of crap at the wall and saw what stuck. We knew that our Terrans were going to be rough and dirty. We knew we wanted the Protoss to be—not savage, exactly, but primal, and powerful. And we knew we wanted the Zerg to swarm." - Samwise Didier (src) The old "space vampire" concept The initial storyline of StarCraft was in a sense, a science fiction spin-off of its counterpart franchise, Warcraft . More of an action shooter, it featured clans of ' space vampires ' in a sci-fi setting. [22] Concepts for the setting were worked on by Chris Metzen and Nick Carpenter . The original pitch was a science-fantasy epic, with "a story told in a far-out universe with a huge world and different factions." Other members of the development team reacted negatively however. [19] Metzen's work on the setting later led to the three races paradigm, completely abandoning the original "orcs in space" concept. [18] As design on StarCraft shifted towards an RTS game, it was decided to simplify things into recognizable traits; spidery aliens and psychic brain aliens would be easily recognizable to an audience. [44] Humans would feature in the game, but the developers didn't want to do the "Galactic Good Guys" trope, instead going with "Surly Space Cowboys That Were Prisoners." [23] It was decided that the terrans would be "rough and dirty," the protoss "primal and powerful," and that the zerg would swarm their enemies. [33] While the terrans were to represent "the familiar," the zerg would be monsters, and the protoss the race possessing advanced technology and mysterious motives. [21] Orcs were present during development, with the idea of copying the set-up of the first Warcraft game, Orcs and Humans . This idea was later abandoned. [22] Influences for the game's setting came from Starship Troopers , Predator , and Battlestar Galactica . [23] A promotional image from an early story blurb The terrans, protoss, and zerg made it to the final product, but they differed from early conceptions. In early concepts for the game (which originally took place in the 28th century), the terrans had ruled the stars for 600 years, but now possessed just a fragment of their early territory. The zerg (or "zurg" as they were originally known) were a bio-mechanical race rather than a purely organic one. [45] The protoss were openly hostile to the terrans and in the game's original backstory, carried out a massacre of terrans on one of the planets of Tau Ceti . [46] A promotion closer to the game's release listed a story slightly closer to the final result, but with differences. Here, the Terran Confederacy was apparently the sole power within the Koprulu sector, and, experiencing resource and fuel shortages, looked to the protoss worlds for new resources. At the same time, the zerg were rampaging through protoss space, destroying everything in their path. [47] Initially, the storyline was broad, the key events such as the fall of the Terran Confederacy and the invasion of Aiur not being implemented until work began on the single player campaign. [44] Cinematics were created before the fleshing out of the story, designed so that they could easily fit in—the intro cinematic is an example of this, designed to sell terrans as "rednecks." [22] Characters and topics were almost chosen on a whim, and were designed to be self-contained. [33] At the time, Blizzard looked at what other companies were doing with their cinematics and sought to go to "the next level" from Warcraft II . [18] Only a handful of characters appear in the cinematics, the main reason being that they didn't exist while they were being created. A recurring theme in the cinematics was the lack of a clear victory, with triumph always coming at a cost, with the price being paid by the "poor bastards" (terrans) being sent to the frontlines. [37] During development, Chris Metzen went back to the cinematics, incorporating them into the campaign's flow. This led him to change some elements of the story so that they would better fit the cinematics. The exception to this was Tassadar 's sacrifice at the end of the game, which was specifically requested by the game's design team to be the game's finale. [48] The game's characters were developed on the fly, inserted into the story as required. For instance, Jim Raynor was created so that the player would have a character they were invested in. However, Raynor needed someone to talk to, and thus Sarah Kerrigan was introduced. [37] The terran campaign was written before the zerg campaign. In developing the latter, the writers hit a snag, as there were only a few sentient creatures in the Swarm, and the Overmind "was not exactly the charming sort." The character issue was sorted by going back to the terran campaign and thinking about its consequences, namely the "death" of Kerrigan at New Gettysburg . In the original version, Kerrigan was "dead-dead." However, the zerg campaign needed a character players could get invested in, so the discussion returned to Kerrigan, the idea of her not only being captured by the zerg, but becoming their queen. How would she interact with her former friends and allies? In the words of Chris Metzen , "it felt so crazy we couldn't help but run with it." [37] When developing the game's zerg campaign, Metzen gave the campaign "a Shakespeare meets Old Testament kind of vibe." The decision to make Kerrigan the Queen of Blades was to allow the zerg campaign to be seen through a human lens, thus her infestation at the end of the terran campaign. [19] The protoss campaign is the third and final campaign of the game's storyline. In terms of structure, the first two campaigns are part of a story direction that reaches climax with the protoss, as the player gets to see the downfall of the Protoss Empire . [37] By the end of development, the game's overall storyline dealt with the conflict between the zerg and protoss, with humanity in-between, while the Raynor-Kerrigan dynamic would provide a human element, and a means to draw players in emotionally. [40] Certain elements of the canceled Blizzard game Bloodlines were ported into StarCraft , [49] though others (such as its space vampire concept) were cut. [44] Reception StarCraft sold well, which Blizzard was prepared for. What wasn't expected was the reception in South Korea. It was the first Blizzard game to begin pushing the company in a global direction. [50] StarCraft was the best selling computer and video game of 1998. [51] An estimated 9.5 million copies were sold (4.5 million copies in South Korea) by 2004. [52] In 2009, the Guinness Book of World Records recognized StarCraft as the best-selling RTS game at 9.5 million copies sold. [53] Video Game Canon ranks StarCraft as one of the best video games of all time. [54] Awards StarCraft on the Walk of Game. StarCraft has been nominated for GameFAQ's 10 best games ever , and Sony's Walk of Game . Guinness World Records awarded StarCraft the records for "best selling strategy game for PC" [55] and "longest-serving eSports game"  on 1 November 2010. [56] External links StarCraft homepage at Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft manual. Online PDF version Battle.net StarCraft Compendium StarCraft Forums StarCraft Game Installer Download (on "Play for free") The next article in this series is StarCraft: Brood War . The next article in this series is StarCraft: Ghost . The next article in this series is StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty . Trivia According to Kevin Dong , data collected by Blizzard indicates that players of Blizzard RTS games tend to focus either on PvE or PvP, with little overlap between the two audiences. [57] In the context where this data was given, this presumably includes StarCraft . When StarCraft was released, variant box covers were used, each showing a different face of one of the three playable races, with the other two in the background. This led to entire wall sections in stores being dominated by StarCraft with the faces lined up. Although each game was the same, some people bought all three variants. The idea for this came from comic cover variants, and the 'face staple' was later used by other Blizzard games. [40] References This page uses content from the English Wikipedia . The original content was at StarCraft The list of authors can be seen in the page history of StarCraft. Wikipedia content was licensed under the GNU Free Documentation License prior to June 15, 2009 is. Wikipedia content from June 15, 2009, and StarCraft Wiki content, is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike License 3.0 (Unported) . Underwood, Peter, Bill Roper, Chris Metzen and Jeffrey Vaughn. StarCraft (Manual) . Irvine, Calif. Blizzard Entertainment, 1998. Metzen, Chris and Samuel Moore. “ StarCraft: Revelations ” Amazing Stories no. 596 (Spring 1999): 20-27. Neilson, Micky. “ StarCraft: Hybrid ” Amazing Stories no. 601 (Spring 2000): 70-75. ↑ 1.0 1.1 2017-03-26, StarCraft: Remastered . accessed on 2017-03-26 ↑ 2017-03-26, An interview with the Devs of StarCraft: Remastered . Teamliquid.com , accessed on 2017-03-26 ↑ StarCraft Named #1 Seller in 1998 . IGN (1999-01-20). Retrieved on 2006-08-19. ↑ The Academy of Adventure Gaming Arts and Design . Game Manufacterers Association (1998-01-01). Retrieved on 2007-08-01. ↑ Jeff Grubb, Gabriel Mesta, Tracy Hickman and Micky Neilson (November 13, 2007). StarCraft Archive . Simon & Schuster (Pocket Star). ISBN 1-4165-4929-3 . ↑ Blizzard Entertainment. StarCraft: Brood War . (Blizzard Entertainment) (in English). November 30, 1998 ↑ Blizzard Entertainment staff. Frequently Asked Questions . Blizzard Entertainment. Accessed 2008-09-06. ↑ Hi, first I got a really really simple yes or no question. The official (sort of) Insurrection/Retribution campaigns from the original StarCraft, are those canon or not?  And then more importantly, what is going on with Samir Duran? Because we didn’t see him at all in WoL, although we did see the fruits of his labors. Chris Metzen: So to the first point, I don’t know! My instinct tells me that they should not be canon, but I'd have to look at them again because there's probably good DNA there that might be useful. Chris Metzen, Brian Kindregan, StarCraft Legacy staff. 2010-10-23. BlizzCon 2010 StarCraft II Lore Panel . StarCraft Legacy. Accessed 2010-10-25. ↑ 2005-01-29, "Stratospace" expansion pack . Battle Forums , accessed on 2015-04-03 ↑ 1998-10/11, Blizzard Wins in Starcraft Case . IGN Accessed on 2008-17-11 ↑ Glynnis Talken-Campbell, Medievaldragon. 2004-03-03. Glynnys Talken alias Kerrigan Voice Actress . Blizzplanet. Accessed 2007-11-10. ↑ 12.0 12.1 Robert Clotworthy, Medievaldragon. 2007-06-06. Starcraft - Robert Clotworthy / Jim Raynor Interview . Blizzplanet. Accessed 2007-08-11. ↑ Metzen, Chris; Chambers, Andy; StarCraft Legacy staff. 2009-04-03. BlizzCon 2007 StarCraft Lore Panel Editorial . StarCraft Legacy. Accessed 2009-05-18. ↑ BlizzLive staff. 2009-08-22. StarCraft II Lore Panel . Blizzlive. Accessed 2009-08-22. ↑ Cho, Kevin (2006-01-15). Samsung, SK Telecom, Shinhan Sponsor South Korean Alien Killers . Bloomberg.com. Retrieved on 2006-08-18. ↑ 16.0 16.1 16.2 Jeff Grubb, Gabriel Mesta, Tracy Hickman and Micky Neilson (November 13, 2007). The StarCraft Archive. Simon & Schuster (Pocket Star). ISBN 978-1416-54929-1 . ↑ 2013-03-16, Blizzard Exec Chris Metzen Explains How Fan Art Has Influenced Diablo To StarCraft . Forbes , accessed on 2015-03-02 ↑ 18.0 18.1 18.2 18.3 18.4 2018-05-12, The making of StarCraft . PC Gamer , accessed on 2018-05-13 ↑ 19.0 19.1 19.2 19.3 19.4 19.5 2015-11-06, STARCRAFT: THE PAST, PRESENT AND FUTURE . Polygon , accessed on 2015-11-18 ↑ 2017-07-12, StarCraft: Remastered - Episode 1: Creating a Classic . YouTube , accessed on 2017-07-15 ↑ 21.0 21.1 2018-04-03, EVOLUTION COMPLETE: REIMAGINING CLASSIC STARCRAFT UNITS FOR STARCRAFT II . Blizzard Entertainment , accessed on 2018-03-07 ↑ 22.0 22.1 22.2 22.3 22.4 22.5 22.6 Blizzard Retrospective , Blizzard Entertainment. Accessed on 2011-07-20 ↑ 23.0 23.1 23.2 23.3 23.4 2017-11-05, BLIZZCON 2017 STARCRAFT REMASTERED: THEN AND NOW . Blizzpro , accessed on 2017-11-19 ↑ 2008-04-24, Ten years of Starcraft - an interview with the Blizzard designers . GameStar , accessed on 2020-03-17 ↑ 2010-04-28, Shattered Nations (PC - Cancelled) . BetaRush , accessed on 2013-05-29 ↑ Blizzard Entertainment Inc. , Moby Games . Accessed on 2013-05-28 ↑ 27.0 27.1 27.2 27.3 2012-09-07, Tough times on the road to Starcraft . Code of Honor , accessed on 2018-07-08 ↑ 28.0 28.1 28.2 28.3 28.4 28.5 28.6 28.7 2018-12-02, 20 YEARS OF STARCRAFT: AN IGN RETROSPECTIVE . IGN , accessed on 2018-12-03 ↑ JudgeHype, Pax Imperia II . Accessed on 2013-05-28 ↑ 2017-07-30, 20 YEARS OF DIABLO: AN IGN RETROSPECTIVE . IGN , accessed on 2017-08-04 ↑ 2021-02-20, ONE MAN, AN ALIEN KINGDOM, AND A SHOTGUN: BEHIND BLACKTHORNE, 26 YEARS LATER . Blizzard Entertainment , accessed on 2021-04-21 ↑ 2021-07-21, Bob Fitch . Twitter , accessed on 2021-12-28 ↑ 33.0 33.1 33.2 33.3 33.4 33.5 33.6 33.7 33.8 2017-04-27, Rock and Roll Days of StarCraft: a Development Retrospective . Blizzard Entertainment , accessed on 2017-04-29 ↑ 2018-06-29, How a Diablo expansion led to behind the scenes trouble . Polygon , accessed on 2018-06-30 ↑ 2015-09-08, Page 2: In Their Own Words: An Oral History of Diablo II With David Brevik, Max Schaefer, and Erich Schaefer . US Gamer , accessed on 2015-09-13 ↑ 36.0 36.1 Bob: StarCraft! , Blizzard Entertainment . Accessed on 2017-07-10 ↑ 37.0 37.1 37.2 37.3 37.4 37.5 Brooks, Robert. The Cinematic Art of StarCraft (hardcover). Blizzard Entertainment, October 18, 2018. ↑ 2018, Blizzard’s Project Nomad was partially eaten by StarCraft . PC Gamer , accessed on 2018-10-08 ↑ Mike Morhaime, Phoenix995. 2008-10-11. Blizzcon 2008 Interview Mike Morhaime . Youtube. Accessed on 2008-11-30. ↑ 40.0 40.1 40.2 40.3 Neilson, Mickey. Forging Worlds: Stories Behind the Art of Blizzard Entertainment (hardcover). Blizzard Entertainment, January, 2022. ↑ Carpenter, Nick (w), Didier, Samwise (w), Metzen, Chris (w), The Art of Blizzard Entertainment (hardcover). Insight Editions, February 12, 2013. ISBN 1608-87027-8 . ↑ 2021-02-20, ROCK N ROLL RACING’S UNMISTAKABLE INFLUENCE ON THE BLIZZARD STYLE . Blizzard Entertainment , accessed on 2021-04-21 ↑ 43.0 43.1 2017-05-12, The Sounds of Koprulu . Blizzard Entertainment , accesed on 2017-05-13 ↑ 44.0 44.1 44.2 2008-02-27. BlizzCast: Taking you deeper into the World of Blizzard: Episode 2 . Blizzard Entertainment. Accessed 2008-02-27. ↑ 2007-06-24, Starcraft Teaser (1995) . YouTube , accessed on 2013-02-06 ↑ Beta . Accessed on 2008-01-26 ↑ StarCraft , Blizzard Entertainment . Accessed on 2018-06-06 ↑ IGN. 2016-03-30. Celebrating 20 Years of Starcraft: An Interview with Starcraft's Creators IGN.com . Accessed 2016-03-30. ↑ 2013-01-14, The Art of Blizzard: Chris Metzen Discusses Blizzard's Past and Future Games . Complex Gaming , accessed on 2013-05-29 ↑ 2014-10-03, THE THREE LIVES OF BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT . Polygon , accessed on 2014-10-04 ↑ IGN staff. 2000-01-20. StarCraft Named #1 Seller in 1998 . IGN . Accessed 2007-09-01. ↑ Olsen, Kelly (2007-05-21). South Korean gamers get a sneak peek at 'StarCraft II' . USA Today . Retrieved on 2008-01-09 ↑ IGN staff. 2009-06-05. E3 2009: Guinness World Records Announces Awards at E3 . IGN. Accessed 2009-06-07. ↑ Scalzo. 2022 October 19. Video Game Canon . Accessed 2023 June 26. ↑ Best selling strategy game for PC . Guinness World Records . Accessed 2012-07-23. ↑ Longest-serving eSports game . Guinness World Records . Accessed 2012-07-23. ↑ 2023-06-12, The Perfect Mix of Warcraft & Starcraft? Stormgate Developers Deep Dive . YouTube , accessed on 2023-06-29 StarCraft Games v • e StarCraft StarCraft Brood War StarCraft 64 StarCraft: Remastered Cartooned Authorized Add-ons Insurrection Retribution Bonus Campaigns Loomings Enslavers Enslavers II StarCraft II StarCraft II Wings of Liberty Starter Edition Heart of the Swarm Legacy of the Void Nova Covert Ops Bundles StarCraft  Battle Chest StarCraft II Battle Chest Editors StarEdit Galaxy Map Editor Board Games StarCraft Typhon Brood War RISK: StarCraft Canceled Games StarCraft: Ghost StarCraft II: Phoenix StarCraft: Frontiers Ares Other Alternity: StarCraft Edition Categories Languages Español Community content is available under CC-BY-SA unless otherwise noted. More Fandoms Sci-fi Advertisement Fan Feed More StarCraft Wiki 1 Sarah Kerrigan 2 Zerg 3 List of StarCraft II units Follow on IG TikTok Join Fan Lab
🏠 Commanders Community Guides Missions Resources Tools About My Account Build Order Theory Enemy Compositions General Tips New Players Achievements AI Logic Bugs Brutal+ Death Prevent Effects Easter Eggs Levels Mutators Patch Data Stats Weekly Mutations Downloads Mastery Breakpoints Replay Analyzer Unit Stats Co‑op Tournament Game Spotlight Mythbusters Rockslapping Champions Youtube FAQ Links Youtube Build Order Theory: How to Develop Your Own Build Orders Sections on this Page What is a Build Order Spending Resources Core Concept: Making Workers Concept #1: Using Calldowns Concept #2: When to Take Gas Concept #3: Primary Structure Placement Concept #4: Combat Units Concept #5: Static Defenses Theory: Mining Rates Breaking Concept #3 Breaking the Core Concept Testing Build Orders Constructing Build Orders Closing Notes What is a Build Order Before you start to develop your own build order, it is first important to understand what a build order is and what its purpose is. A build order provides a player with a set of actions that they should follow at the start of the game. These actions will include things like when to make a worker, or when to put down a building. The reasoning behind this is that games all start with the same state. Therefore, there is a theoretical set of actions that can be taken such that a particular state of the player's situation is highly optimized. For example, a player can follow an economy-focused build order, and after a certain amount of time, they would have maximized their economic potential, far more than a player not following the build order. Build orders are extremely precise. They require very particular timings and repetition for practice. Players with excellent macro abilities can benefit a lot from build orders. This is because they float very minimal quantities of resources and play efficiently. For example, Speedrunners can benefit greatly from a good build order due to the repetitive requirement of their gameplay. However, build order theory can benefit a large number of players interested in learning the intricate details of the game who want to improve their gameplay. Knowing how build orders are generated can allow players to adapt to new situations that may arise in a game. For example, when facing particular Mutators , knowledge of build order theory can come in handy. Below is an example of a build order. This one is for Nova's opening: 14 Refinery 15 Refinery 18 Commander Center 19 Barracks 22 Marines -> Gas -> Main The numbers on the left show the supply a particular action is taken at. It is assumed that any unaccounted supply goes into making workers. So, in this scenario, the player would continue making workers until they are at 14 supply. Then they would spend 100 minerals on making an Automated Refinery, etc. On the last line, says at 22 supply, drop marines and use them to break the gas rocks first, before breaking the main rocks. All build orders follow a similar format. Some may use the more condensed arrow notation, some may be more wordy. However, they all convey the same thing: a set of actions a player should take to optimize their early game. There are certain limitations to build orders in Co-op. For one, Missions can have varying degrees of how contested an expansion is. For example, expanding on Malwarfare is significantly easier than expanding on Cradle of Death . You will need a signficantly larger army to expand on the latter, which means your build order will have to be different. Listing build orders for every possible scenario is extremely difficult. What this guide aims to do is give players a rough framework on how to come up with a build order on the spot that addresses their particular needs by providing them with information on how to manage their economy. Note that all builds were done on Oblivion Express , so timings to move the workers to the expansion may vary depending on the mission. Spending Resources In Starcraft II, you can spend resources across three different channels. These are: Economy: These are units/structures that further contribute to the enhancement of your economy. These include: Primary Structures (Nexus, Command Center, Hatchery) Vespene Collection Structures (Assimilator, Refinery, Extractor) Workers (Probes, SCVs, Drones) Supply Structures/Units (Pylon, Supply Depot, Overlord) Queens Tech: These are upgrades/structures that progress your in-game technology level. These include: Combat unit-producing structures (e.g. Gateways, Barracks) Research structures (e.g. Forge, Engineering Bay, Evolution Chamber) Attack/Armor/Shield/Unit-specific Upgrades Army Units: These are units that will engage in combat. The goal of a build order is to optimize the spending across these three categories such that: You do not lose to any early-game aggression in the form of attack waves. You are able to comfortably complete the mission objectives. You are in the best possible place economically at a certain point in the game. Core Concept: Making Workers Since workers improve your economy, it follows logically that you should be making workers consistently until you reach saturation across both your bases. In fact, this is the core concept behind most (if not all) build orders. By paying attention to your macro to ensure that all your primary structures are producing workers, you can improve your in-game economic state immensely. However, making workers has a cost associated with it. Consistently making workers without doing anything else can cause two problems: It leaves you vulnerable to attack, especially when attack waves arrive early, like on Rifts to Korhal . It prevents you from Teching up, weakening your army, and potentially preventing you from expanding. Therefore, part of the resources you get need to be spend on Teching up, expanding and making an army. Usually, the resources you spend will be your "floating" resources. That is, resources that you do not need to maintain a single worker in production in your primary structure. Concept #1: Using Calldowns Calldowns are a unique aspect to Co-op. Calldowns can significantly impact a commander's build order. They can allow commanders to expand much quicker than normal, because most calldowns are free, and players are only sacrificing a cooldown charge for it. A small note to make here is that players must ask whether using the calldown to fast-expand is worth it, given their in-game situation. Most of the time, the answer is "yes", but players will have to evaluate this for themselves given their situation (for example, custom Mutators ). With that in mind, we can now come up with a reasonably decent Zeratul build. Note that this includes the Legion cost reduction mastery (the Legion will cost 540 minerals to summon), as outlined in the Zeratul page. 19 Probe -> Expo 20 Zoraya Legion 21 Nexus Gets vision of the Expo Concept #1 Concept #2: When to Take Gas As a general rule of thumb, whenever gasses are automated, it is better to take the gasses first using floating resources, before attempting to expand. Additionally, you also want to ensure that your mineral line does not get over-saturated. More than the maximum number of workers on a mineral line means that you have workers that are doing nothing. It would be much better if they were collecting gas instead. Therefore, under certain conditions, gas collection structures need to be constructed so they can prevent oversaturation of the mineral line. With that in mind, we can now come up with a reasonably decent Vorazun build. Note that this assumes at least 8 points into the Initial Spear of Adun Energy, to get Shadow Guard out as soon as it comes off cooldown. 13 Dark Pylon 15 Assimilator 16 Assimilator 18 Gateway 19 Pylon 22 Change Rally to Expansion 23 Cybernetics Core 27 Shadowguard -> Gas -> Main 28 Twilight + Warp Gate 29 Assimilators + Nexus Concept #1 Concept #2 Concept #2 Core Concept Prevent Supply Block Main is Saturated Core Concept Concept #1/Concept #2 Core Concept Concept #2 Concept #3: Primary Structure Placement Terrans have an advantage which allows them to move their structures after construction. This comes in handy for slower Terrans, as it allows them to pre-build their Command Centers near the expansion rocks. During this time, they can tech up, build up a small force of units, and use that force to clear the expansion rocks. In general, if you are playing Terran, it is always better to spend your first floating resources on a Supply Depot (to keep being able to produce workers), and then on a Command Center. Protoss commanders are not as lucky. The Nexus is solely used for the production of workers, and constructing an additional Nexus, purely for the use of it's Chrono Boost is not recommended. A Protoss commander will have to clear their gas rocks before they put down their Nexus. With that in mind, we can now come up with a reasonably decent Nova build. 14 Refinery 15 Refinery 18 SCV -> Expo 19 Command Center 20 Barracks 24 Marines -> Gas -> Main Concept #2 Concept #2 Get SCV into position Concept #3 Concept #2 Concept #4: Combat Units As mentioned in the previous section, Protoss commanders do not have the luxury of pre-building their structures and relocating them. Therefore, they will have to resort to the use of their calldowns or army units. For commanders that do not have calldowns that can be used to clear the Expansion, getting army units out as fast as possible with floating resources is vital. With that in mind, we can now come up with a reasonably decent Artanis build. Note that this includes all mastery points into the Chrono Boost mastery, as outlined in the Artanis page. Project Power Field 16 Gateway 18 Pylon 19 Assimilator 20 Assimilator 22 Zealot -> Expo Chrono Gateway Project Power Field -> Expo 25 Zealot 28 Zealot 33 Nexus 34 Cybernetics Core Project Power Field Concept #4 Power requirement Concept #2 Concept #2 Concept #4 Concept #4 Concept #1 Concept #4 Concept #4 Core Concept Concept #5: Static Defenses Static defense can be used to clear an expansion. Terran commanders should particularly consider this as an option, as static defenses can be salvaged. This means a player simply "locks up" some of their resources for a short amount of time before getting them back again. This is particularly useful for commanders that do not have high tech requirements, or those that require the expansion to prop up an expensive production. With that in mind, we can now come up with a reasonably decent Tychus build. 17 Command Center 18 Refinery 19 Refinery 20 Engineering Bay 22 2x Turrets -> Rocks Concept #3 Concept #2 Concept #2 Concept #5 Concept #5 Theory: Mining Rates Each Worker mines roughly 40 resources (minerals or gas) per minute. Let's examine what happens when we assign different numbers of workers to a single patch of resources. Workers Expected Gather Rate Actual Gather Rate Efficiency 1 40/min 40/min 100% 2 80/min 80/min 100% 3 120/min 104/min 87% At first glance, this drop-off seems odd. So let's look at what workers do when they harvest a resource. The logic applies to both, minerals and gas, but as workers tend to stack when harvesting minerals, we will examine workers harvesting Vespene, which makes the cause much easier to see. Notice that there is a Probe that sits idle on the 3-Working Mining (right) for a short period of time. You might guess that mineral patches may have different mining rates, depending on the small variation in distance between them and the Primary Structure, and you'd be correct. Workers mine at approximately 40 minerals per minute for the first two workers, when none are idle. When the third worker is added, the distance of the patch becomes a factor. The below table gives a rough idea for the mining rate increase provided by last worker. Distance Mining Increase Far 30 Near 6 This is important because there are two gather rates in the game. An Optimal Gather Rate , where all workers are gathering resources at 100% efficiency, and a Maximum Gather Rate , where workers are gathering resources at the fastest possible rate allowable. The number displayed above your Primary Structure relates to the Maximum Mining Rate. Assigning more workers to the resource patches will not yield gains. That is, it is assigning 3 workers per resource patch. Additionally, the gather efficiencies on saturated (3 worker) resource patches are affected by distance to the Primary Structure. The shorter the distance, the more idle time workers have, and the less efficient their mining. This knowledge can help players optimize their builds. Players can choose to go only produce workers to reach the Optimal Gather Rate at the start of their build, freeing up resources to tech up, build an army, or expand, before going up to the Maximum Gather Rate. Note that you should always aim to reach full saturation on both your bases. When you reach that saturation will be up to you to decide. The sooner, the better. One additional note: because mineral patches are at different distances from the primary structure, the Maximum Gather Rate will require a slightly lower number of workers than then three workers per patch. Usually, a 19/21 saturation is enough to reach the Maximum Gather Rate. Given this information, it is also optimal to transfer workers from a saturated Main base to a freshly-completed Expansion in order to take advantage of the Optimal Gather Rate. The following video covers Mining Rates in a lot more detail: On certain maps, Vespene Geysers may require four workers to reach the maximum mining rate. These geysers are: Map Geyser Malwarfare Player 1 Expansion (Top-left) Miner Evacuation Player 1 Expansion (Bottom-Left) Player 2 Expansion (Top-Right) Mist Opportunities Player 2 Expansion (Bottom-Left) Oblivion Express Player 1 Main (Top-Left) Rifts to Korhal Player 1 Main (Bottom-Left) Temple of the Past Player 1 Main (Bottom-Left) Player 1 Expansion (Top-left) Player 2 Expansion (Bottom-Left) Player 2 Expansion (Bottom-Right) Void Launch Player 1 Expansion (Bottom-Left) Player 2 Expansion (Bottom-Right) Void Thrashing Player 1 Main (Top-Left) Player 1 Expansion (Bottom-left) Player 2 Expansion (Bottom-Right) Breaking Concept #3 Macro Hatcheries Certain Zerg commanders, such as Kerrigan , rely on "Macro Hatcheries". These are Hatcheries used solely for the production of larva, instead of relying on Queens, which take up supply. As a result, Kerrigan normally requires several Hatcheries to attain maximum production efficiency. Therefore, Kerrigan can get away with putting down an initial Hatchery next to the gas rocks and start semi-long distance mining from that Hatchery. After the rocks are cleared, a third Hatchery is placed, completing Kerrigan's production and economic requirements. Below is a Kerrigan build order, taking advantage of Optimal Gather Rates and Macro Hatcheries. 14 Overlord 14 Hatchery 19 Extractor 21 Extractor 24 Hatchery 28 Spawning Pool 33 Overlord Kerrigan -> Rocks Prevent Supply Block Break Concept #3 Concept #2 Concept #2 Break Concept #3 Core Concept Prevent Supply Block Kerrigan breaks rocks Accelerated Production Commanders like Zagara and Abathur have accelerated production. That is, they produce units in large quantities quickly (as is the case for Zagara) or have an accelerated Larva spawn rate (as is the case with Abathur). In these instances, it is better for the player to either forego a macro hatchery entirely (for Abathur) or delay it until the mid-game (Zagara). Additionally, because they are able to produce units quickly, they are able to saturate their resource harvesting quickly, adding further importance to taking their expansion quickly. As a result, an optimal Zagara build spawns a few zerglings to clear the rocks, before saturation of the main mineral line. Likewise, Abathur builds two Spine Crawlers to clear the rocks before saturation of the main mineral line. Swann is another commander that breaks Concept #3 too. One would expect Swann to pre-build his Command Center next to the expansion rocks before breaking them, but there are two factors that make this strategy suboptimal: Swann has great turrets that can break the rocks quickly Swann can assign multiple SCV's to the same structure to construct it faster Thus, what a Swann player has is access to a turret that can be built quickly to take out the rocks, salvage that turret, and then build a Command Center really quickly. Therefore, Concept #5 takes over, due to this unique set of circumstances, which is reflected in the Swann build order: 14 Supply Depot 16 Factory (4 SCV's) 18 Billy (4 SCV's) 18 Billy (4 SCV's) 21 Command Center (8 SCV's) Prevent Supply Block Target main rocks and salvage one after Breaking the Core Concept Given the knowledge of Optimal vs. Maximum gather rates, Karax has a very interesting potential build order. Note that this includes all mastery points into the Initial Spear of Adun Energy mastery, as outlined in the Karax page. 14 Pylon 14 Probe Probe -> Expo Orbital Strike -> Expo 15 Nexus Prevent Supply Block Go up to 15 Workers Get vision 20 shots clear rocks This particular build allows you to put your Nexus down at a blazingly fast 1:04 seconds, and is the fastest possible expand for an uncontested expansion in the game. We'll now look at how to compare build orders to one another. Testing Build Orders Given the above Karax build, we would like to test it and see how well it fares, as compared to continuosly making Probes until you float 400 minerals for a Nexus. The general methodology is to simply go in-game and test it. Execute both build orders perfectly, and see where they get you at a certain amount of time. Make sure to take a full account of structures and extra units created, and adjust your resource values accordingly when doing the comparison. A cutoff point of between 6:00 and 7:00 is normally chosen for the test, as those are key points in the game: the start of the mid-game. This point in time will transition you into more difficult attack waves and objectives. This time also ensures both Primary Structures have reached saturation. This means that resource gains henceforth will be exactly the same per minute. For the Karax build above, we'll test it at the 6:30 mark. For simplicity, we won't be building any tech structures, and only enough Pylons to ensure we do not get supply-blocked. Build Nexus Down Full Saturation Minerals Gas Ultra-fast 1:04 5:25 6150 1788 Normal 1:39 5:35 6550 1488 It is always important to report your saturation time. This is because it means all your income can now be spent on either army or tech units, rather than improving the economy. Additionally, you should always separate mineral and gas collected, as builds may gather the same quantity of resources, but in vastly different ratios. Testing build orders is a laborious process. Make sure you repeat the exact build multiple times. If you make any mistakes (assigning a worker to the wrong resource, delaying worker production, etc.), you should restart and try again. Constructing Build Orders Given all the concepts and theory, we will now construct and fine-tune a build order for Alarak. The methodology will be as follows: Expand Method Monitor resource counts in a basic build Minimize resource float We can repeat step #3 above until we have tightented the build order so as to have almost no resources floating. We can also use it to see if we should allocate our workers to different resources instead. Expand Method As per Concept #1, we want to use calldowns if possible. Alarak has a great calldown for this: his Structure Overcharge. From the Alarak page, we know that the Structure Overcharge will be available at 90 seconds. The next question is, what structure do we want to use to expand? A Pylon is the obvious go-to choice here, as it is both cheap, and required in the early game. Therefore, you won't be wasting resources on structures you don't need. Next, we ask the question: "Will this be the first Pylon we construct? Or will this be a new pylon?". The first Pylon we construct will be very early the in game (at roughly 0:25). Sending a probe to construct the Pylon and then wait there (you will need to maintain vision of the expansion) is extremely wasteful. Therefore, we will construct a new pylon and overcharge that. So we now have a plan. Put down a Pylon near the main. Wait until Structure Overcharge is almost ready. Send a Probe over to the expansion. Put a Pylon down and overcharge it instantly. Once the rocks are clear, put down the Nexus. We now execute this build and monitor our resources (listing the timing we get an extra 50 resources of each type floating). Monitor resource counts in a basic build The build we will be executing is this: 14 Pylon 18 Pylon at rocks Overcharge 20 Nexus After executing this build perfectly, and monitoring the resource floats, we get a table like this: Time Mineral Float Gas Float 0:37 50 0 0:41 100 0 0:47 150 0 0:54 150 0 0:58 200 0 1:03 250 0 1:09 250 0 1:13 300 0 1:19 300 0 1:24 350 0 1:29 400 0 1:34 300 0 1:40 350 0 1:44 400 0 1:49 400 0 1:55 500 0 2:00 500 0 2:01 100 0 At the 2-minute mark, a Nexus is put down, leaving a float of 100 minerals. Minimize Resource Float We are now in a position to optimize resource float. Remember that we need to "float" 400 minerals by the time the rocks are cleared so we can put down the Nexus. Anything extra is actual resource float. Since we are floating 100 minerals at the end of the build, opting to invest in Tech is not viable. The tech does not help use clear the expansion any faster. So instead, we should opt to invest in economy instead. Therefore, we should build an Assimilator whenever we are able to do so without affecting our Probe production. We can get the exact timing this happens on: the point in the table where all resource floats are always above the 75 minerals required to build the Assimilator. This occurs at 0:41. From that point, we subtract 75 minerals from all the subsequent rows. We then repeat this process to optimize. Remember that once you reassign workers, you will need to re-run the build and re-collect the resource float values. A full example is shown below: 14 Pylon 18 Pylon Overcharge 20 Nexus Probes->Assimilator 14 Pylon 15 Assimilator 18 Pylon Overcharge 20 Nexus Probes->Assimilator 14 Pylon 15 Assimilator 18 Pylon Overcharge 20 Nexus Probes->Assimilator 21 Assimilator Time Mineral Float Gas Float Time Mineral Float Gas Float Time Mineral Float Gas Float 0:37 50 0 0:37 50 0 0:37 50 0 0:41 100 0 0:41 25 0 0:41 25 0 0:47 150 0 0:47 75 0 0:47 75 0 0:54 150 0 0:54 75 0 0:54 75 0 0:58 200 0 0:58 125 0 0:58 125 0 1:03 250 0 1:03 175 0 1:03 175 0 1:09 250 0 1:09 175 0 1:09 175 0 1:13 300 0 1:13 225 0 1:13 225 0 1:19 300 0 1:19 225 0 1:19 225 0 1:24 350 0 1:24 275 0 1:24 275 0 1:29 400 0 1:29 325 0 1:29 325 0 1:34 300 0 1:34 225 0 1:34 225 0 1:40 350 0 1:40 275 0 1:40 275 0 1:44 400 0 1:44 325 0 1:44 325 0 1:49 400 0 1:49 325 0 1:49 325 0 1:55 450 0 1:55 375 0 1:55 375 0 2:00 500 0 2:00 425 0 2:00 425 0 2:01 100 0 2:01 100 0 2:01 25 0 This is the basic build. Single Pylon to prevent a supply block and another Pylon to overcharge and clear the expansion. To minimize float before the Expansion is taken, we put down an Assimilator as early as possible. We do not put Probes on that Assimilator, because we still need the minerals to build the Nexus. After the Nexus comes down, we float 100 more minerals. We can choose to wait to build a Gateway, or strengthen our economy by putting down another Assimilator. Here, an Assimilator is put down. Closing Notes The build orders presented and demonstrated on this page work well for maps with an uncontested expansion. That is, there are no enemy forces guarding the expansion. Players will have to modify their builds accordingly to account for any enemy forces at the expansion. The degree to which the build has to be modified depends on the type and quantity of forces present. It is because of this that following build orders blindly without consideration of why certain actions are taken is not recommended. Players can get a lot more value out of build orders if they understand the core theory behind it - something which this guide aims to do. At the end of the day, taking an expansion and saturating it as fast as possible will yield the best possible results. How to do that, given a set of circumstances, whether it is a mission or a mutator, is up to the player. Build orders are mostly tried and tested several times before an optimal build order is achieved. Players are advised to constantly question and attempt to fine-tune their build orders if they wish to arrive at a perfectly optimal build. Note: All data generated on this site is based on Brutal difficulty. Timings, compositions and other elements may differ on easier difficulty levels. © Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved. Wings of Liberty, Heart of the Swarm, Legacy of the Void, and StarCraft are trademarks or registered trademarks of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries.
SC2 Forums Category Topics General Discussion Discuss Starcraft II. 10300 Terran Discussion Discuss story and strategy for the terran race. 225 Zerg Discussion Discuss story and strategy for the zerg race. 242 Protoss Discussion Discuss story and strategy for the protoss race. 174 Campaign Discussion Discuss the single player campaign, missions, and story for StarCraft II. 412 Co-op Missions Discussion Discuss the maps, Commanders, and strategies in Co-op Missions. 3879 Clans and Groups Searching for a Clan or Group, or wanting to promote one you’re in? This is the place. 215 Editor Discussion Discuss anything and everything related to the Editor. 336 Map Showcase Share, post and discuss the most recent community created maps. 40 StarCraft II API Discuss the ongoing AI research and development occurring around the StarCraft II API. 30 Technical Support Receive support for technical issues while installing or running the game. 1748 Mac Technical Support Open support forum where players can report issues and help each other resolve problems. 235 Bug Report Find a bug? Help us squash it by reporting it here. 3951 PTR Bug Report Find a bug on the PTR? Help us squash it by reporting it here. 69 PTR Feedback Discuss the latest changes from the Public Test Region. 64
