Skip to Content Here’s Timothée Chalamet’s Complete Dating History Be prepared for the paps to catch you two making out when you date him, IJS. By Christen A. Johnson Published: Jun 21, 2024 Save Article We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise. Okay, so here’s the deal. Of course you’re a gorgeous gorgeous girl, and gorgeous gorgeous girls should be dating Timothée Chalamet , but since he hasn’t found you juuust yet, we're free to dive deep on all his other past ’ships. Ya know. For ~research purposes~. Just when you thought Timmy was too busy bumping into expensive cameras to even think much about dating, rumors began to surface last year about a certain Jenner sister he's reportedly seeing (more on that in a minute). So since he and his dating life are alllll you think about , it only makes sense that we take a look back at all of Timothée's lady friends. Shall we? We shall! Lourdes Leon: 2017 Way back in the year known as 2017, Timmy was publicly linked to Madonna’s oldest child, Lourdes. The two met while attending the same performing arts high school in New York City. “I respect him a lot, we were a little item,” Lourdes said to Vanity Fair about him . “My first boyfriend, or anything.” Okay, wow. Imagine being able to say this?! Casual. In an interview with Andy Cohen about the movie Call Me by Your Name around the time of their puppy love, Timothée got a bit sheepish when talking about Lourdes. “She hasn’t seen [the movie] yet, but she’s excited to,” he said to Andy. “She teases me about the public appearances…The movie itself she’s very excited about and the reception it’s been getting is only a great thing. It’s like the public appearance stuff around it, like some of the late-night things I’ve done. I get made fun of.” View full post on Youtube Naturally, Andy asked the question we all want to know: So how long did y’all date though…? And ofc Timmy pushed it right along with “Next question!” while laughing and blushing. Lily-Rose Depp: 2018 to 2019 Ahh, nothing like a movie set to strike the flames of young love. Timothée and Lily-Rose (yes, Johnny Depp’s daughter) were costars in Netflix’s The King , and while it can be assumed that they likely started their ’ship during filming, they weren’t publicly linked until October 2018. Their romance lasted well over a year, and it’s no wonder there was a bit of longevity since many saw them as “a new young couple in love.” Okay, just one eyewitness said that about them to Us Weekly after seeing them strolling through NYC’s Lower West Side , but still! A different nosy spectator source said the couple looked “pretty playful and flirty with each other” whilst “holding hands” and being in “their own little world.” View full post on Instagram A year into their relationship, they damn near broke the internet with *that* kiss . Oh yeah, you know the one. If ya don’t, allow me to break it down for you. While on a yacht in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea (you know, just rich and famous things), paps caught Lily-Rose and Timothée hanging out and making out (a LOT) on the deck. But admittedly, Timmy felt a bit of embarrassment from the pics. “I went to bed that night thinking that was one of the best days of my life,” he told GQ in an October 2020 cover story. “I was on this boat all day with someone I really loved, and closing my eyes, I was like, indisputably, ‘That was great.’ And then waking up to all these pictures and feeling embarrassed and looking like a real nob? All pale? And then people are like: ‘This is a PR stunt.’ A PR stunt?! Do you think I’d want to look like that in front of all of you?!” Vittorio Zunino Celotto // Getty Images But by the time those words went to print, Lily-Rose and Timothée were already broken up. Us Weekly confirmed the couple’s split in April 2020, and British Vogue referred to Timothée as single around the same time in its May 2020 issue. Eiza González: June 2020 Timmy went public with Eiza not too long after his first breakup with Lily-Rose (more on that below). The two actors were seen vacationing in Cabo San Lucas at the end of June and made waves on the internet with some super-steamy make-out pics . Okay, Timmy, starting to notice a pattern here…. Their lil fling didn’t last too long, and neither of them made public comments about it. “They weren’t together for long, just that Cabo trip,” said an E! News source at the time, while noting that they had recently spoken to Eiza and she didn’t bring up Timothée…like, at all. Welp! Thnks fr th Mmrs! Lily-Rose Depp: April 2021 The rumor mill was set a-b-l-a-z-e after Lily-Rose and Timotheé were seen shopping in NYC together in April 2021. “They came in together and both looked around,” said a source to Entertainment Tonight . “Timothée has come into the store several times, both with Lily and alone.” The source also mentioned that Timmy slyly bought Lily a dress “as a secret gift” for her. Obvi, nothing has ever been confirmed about whether or not these two were truly back together at the time since they usually tried to remain as private as possible (sometimes to no avail), but we'd like to think that maybe, just maaaaaaaybe, they rekindled things for a bit! Btw, Lily-Rose is now dating musician 070 Shake, and tbh their relationship is peak levels of cute. More on them right on over this way: Related Story Lily-Rose Depp and 070 Shake’s ’Ship Timeline Maybe Sarah Talabi: April 2022 We’re putting on body glitter and dusting off our cowboy boots for this one… The Sarah Talabi/Timmy rumors began around *checks cal* April 17, 2022 when the actor and model were spotted together on the official Coachella livestream during Swedish House Mafia and The Weeknd’s headlining set. But wait! There’s more…. Just a day later, Deuxmoi posted a blind item that read, “Timothee Chalamet was dancing with and kissing Victoria’s Secret model Sarah Talabi at Coachella.” Above the tip was a photo of what was presumed to be the celebs smiling and dancing. Interesting! Deuxmoi // Instagram Although a lot of people seemed to be confused and didn’t actually think the person next to Timotheé was Sarah, the rumors were kind of (?!) put to rest after another Deuxmoi follower revealed that the model posted evidence on her own account. What evidence, you ask? Let’s get into it! Deuxmoi // Instagram In a video, Sarah said she “had the best time with the best group of people” and tagged Timotheé, her sister Leah, and a friend. Sarah seemed to confirm she was hanging with the actor without full-on announcing it. Plus, she wasted no time making it clear that there are more important things to worry about in a statement to Page Six : “Everyone is asking me if I was kissing Timothée Chalamet at Coachella, and that is a good question. But a great question would be asking our world leaders why the Earth is now losing 1.2 trillion tons of ice each year due to global warming and why climate crisis reform has been completely ineffective.…I encourage you to contact your local representatives and ask them that.” Okay, not not wrong, Sarah! And although one would think (!!) that that settles that, Deuxmoi kind of complicated matters by announcing, “I don’t know who Sarah Talabi is but you guys are telling me she isn’t in that pic…bottom line is Timmy hung out with a lot of different women this weekend, just let the kid live.” To which we say…fair! After all, another tipster wrote in that Timothée was spotted with “a bunch of VS models in the VIP section of Neon Carnival” along with a trifecta of dudes consisting of Leonardo DiCaprio , Jared Leto, and Tobey Maguire. And if that isn’t enough to get you to think the actor was def just living his life the way all young, super-successful actors do, just scroll up, lol. Maybe Taylor Russell: November 2022 The actor sparked dating rumors with his Bones and All co-star Taylor Russell after the two posed for a v cuddly pic together that Timothée uploaded to his Instagram. Ahem, observe: View full post on Instagram Fans at the time obvi loved (oooooor totally hated depending on their obsession with Timmy lol) the pic, with one IG user commenting, “IS IT OFFICIAL NOW?” while another added, “this is such a cute strictly professional photo promoting your movie,” to which I say touché! Though we'll never know exactly what went down between these two, we *do* have quite a bit more intel about the actor's recent relationship with one such former boy-bander. 👀 Ahem: Related Story Taylor and Harry Breakup Rumors Are Swirling Kylie Jenner: April 2023-Present Yep, this is the latest news about Timmy's love life! This rumor was first seen on none other than  DeuxMoi when a tipster said, “Anon pls!! Multiple sources have told me that Timmy C has a new girl...Kylie Jenner” along with a few couple coffin emojis because of course. Then! Another spectator wrote, “I heard they are both going to be at Coachella” with someone else cosigning with, “I can 100% confirm that.” View full post on X On Insta Stories, DeuxMoi marked these tips with a “Read With Caution” gif, which basically meant to take the posts with the biggest grain of salt because they could literally mean nothing. That! Said!!!!!... Just a few weeks later, in April 2023, Entertainment Tonight finally let us go to sleep in peace knowing that we finally had an answer, which was...these two were, in fact, officially dating. According to a source, Kylie and Timmy were “keeping things casual at this point.” More specifically, the 'ship was “not serious,” but “Kylie is enjoying hanging out with Timothée and seeing where it goes.” Plus, apparently, “it’s been really fun for her because it feels a lot different than her past relationships. It’s new and exciting for Kylie and she’s having a lot of fun.” And if that inside scoop wasn't enough Kimothée proof for ya, Timmy and Kylie seemingly hard-launched their 'ship at the happiest place on Earth: Beyoncé's Renaissance World Tour. View full post on Giphy According to spicy pics obtained by TMZ at the time, the pair was cuddling and kissing throughout Bey's birthday show at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles on Monday, September 4. A clip of the couple also surfaced online during the show, where Timothée puffed on a cigarette as he chatted with The Kardashians star. I'd honestly give anything to be a fly buzzing around the stadium to hear their flirty convo, just saying. View full post on X More recently, a source dished to Entertainment Tonight that the two were very much still dating, TYVM. “Kylie and Timothée are still seeing each other and happy,” the insider said before adding, “They don’t need to try to make things work and it just comes naturally to them. Their relationship is easy. They make an effort to see each other when they can and stay in touch when they’re not geographically close to one another. They're in constant and fluid communication. They see a long-lasting relationship together.” 'Kay!!! Anyway! In the event you're in the mood to read into their whole 'ship, which has since gotten much more serious (like, these two legit exchanged "I love you's" at the freakin' Golden Globes !!!!!), head right on over this way: Related Story An Investigative Timeline of Timmy and Kylie Mood rn: Related Stories Why Timothée Didn’t Walk With Kylie at Met Gala Are Kylie and Timmy Expecting? Sources Weigh In Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Celebs A Timeline of Tay and Trav's Love Story Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce Go Insta Official Ilana Glazer & Her Hot Scientist Hub: a Timeline Behold, William and Kate’s Relationship Timeline Advertisement - Continue Reading Below All the Deets on Kirsten and Jesse’s ’Ship All the Wild Moments From J.Lo and Ben’s ‘Ship Is 'Yellowstone' Star Kevin Costner Dating Jewel?! All the Celebs Who Have Gotten Married in 2024 💍 Kate Posts an Emotional Tribute to Prince William Heidi Klum Took Off Her Shirt During 'Hot Ones' About Those “Deleted” ‘Bridgerton’ Sex Scenes… Jason Is Heading to London to See Tay! Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
​ Skip to content PEOPLE Search Please fill out this field. Magazine Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Give a Gift Subscription Get Help Newsletters Sweepstakes Subscribe Celebrity Celebrity Relationships Timothée Chalamet's Dating History: From Lourdes Leon to Kylie Jenner After splitting with Lily-Rose Depp in 2020, Timothée Chalamet was most recently linked to Kylie Jenner By Jacqueline Weiss Jacqueline Weiss Jacqueline Weiss is a contributing writer at PEOPLE. She has been working at PEOPLE since 2022. Her work has previously appeared in Food & Wine, Insider and Apartment Therapy. People Editorial Guidelines Updated on January 10, 2024 05:01PM EST Close Lily Rose Depp and Timothee Chalamet attend "The King" red carpet during the 76th Venice Film Festival on September 02, 2019. ; Timothee Chalamet and Kylie Jenner at the 81st Golden Globe Awards held at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on January 7, 2024 in Beverly Hills, California. . Photo: Stephane Cardinale - Corbis/Corbis/Getty ; Christopher Polk/Golden Globes 2024/Getty Timothée Chalamet 's relationship status is often the topic of internet debate. The Academy Award -nominated actor has enjoyed plenty of success since his breakout roles in Call Me By Your Name and Ladybird , and with his rise to fame came a few high-profile relationships. However, Chalamet, who has been linked to stars like Lily-Rose Depp , Eiza González and, most recently, Kylie Jenner , largely avoids talking about his dating life and has said he feels " intensely judged " due to the pressures of social media. "To be young now, and to be young whenever — I can only speak for my generation — is to be intensely judged," he said while attending the premiere of his film Bones & All at the 2022 Venice Film Festival . The actor previously discussed how the word "date" scares him during a 2018 interview with W Magazine . "Date is very much a scary word, because then that context has been established," he explained when asked about his first dating experience. "You can always see people on early date behavior." That same year, however, Chalamet showed he might actually be a romantic at heart when he shared the number one lesson he's learned about love with Vogue Paris : "When you love, love wholly. Love unabashedly." Here's a look back at Timothée Chalamet's dating history. Lourdes Leon Karwai Tang/Getty ; Karwai Tang/Getty While attending Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in New York City in 2013, Chalamet was linked to fellow student Lourdes Leon , the daughter of Madonna . Though few details are known about their short-lived relationship, they seem to have remained friends for some time after parting ways. In a 2017 interview on SiriusXM's Radio Andy , the actor revealed he'd spoken to Leon about his lead role in Call Me By Your Name . "She hasn't seen it yet, but she's excited to," he told Andy Cohen . "She teases me about the public appearances … the movie itself she's very excited about and the reception it's been getting is only a great thing. It's like the public appearance stuff around it, like some of the late night things I've done. I get made fun of." When the Watch What Happens Live host asked Chalamet how long he and Leon dated, he said while blushing and laughing, "Next question." The "Like a Virgin" singer's eldest daughter looked back at their time together in an April 2021 interview with Vanity Fair . "I respect him a lot, we were a little item," she told the outlet. " My first boyfriend ." Lily-Rose Depp Stephane Cardinale - Corbis/Corbis/Getty Lily-Rose Depp (the daughter of Johnny Depp and Vanessa Paradis ) and Chalamet's relationship is rumored to have begun in September 2018, after they were spotted together in N.Y.C. on multiple occasions looking cozy. They even took their romance abroad with a visit to Paris that December. The pair met while working on Netflix's The King , and just after they attended the film's premiere at the 2019 Venice Film Festival, they were photographed sharing a passionate kiss on a boat in Capri, Italy. In November 2020, Chalamet opened up to GQ about the private moment going public: "I went to bed that night thinking that was one of the best days of my life." "I was on this boat all day with someone I really loved, and closing my eyes, I was like, indisputably, 'That was great.' And then waking up to all these pictures, and feeling embarrassed, and looking like a real knob? All pale?" he continued. The Beautiful Boy star added: "And then people are like, 'This is a PR stunt.' A PR stunt?! Do you think I'd want to look like that in front of all of you?!" After about a year and a half of dating, news broke in April 2020 that Chalamet and Depp had split . The actor has yet to discuss the breakup publicly. Eiza González Jeff Spicer/Jeff Spicer/Getty ; Karwai Tang/Getty In June 2020, Chalamet was spotted enjoying a summer getaway in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, with actress Eiza González . A source told PEOPLE at the time that the actors flew there with friends via private jet and stayed at Chileno Bay for five days. "They enjoyed the luxury resort and seemed to have the best time," the insider shared. "They recently started hanging out and they looked happy together." The source added, "They hung out in the sun, eat amazing food and relaxed. It was a fun getaway." A different insider revealed to PEOPLE that González had split from Australian actor Luke Bracey and was "talking on and off" with Chalamet. However, things didn't last long between them. By October 2020, reports circulated that the pair had split. Sarah Talabi Daniele Venturelli/WireImage ; Rodin Eckenroth/Getty The actor spent time at Coachella in April 2022 with model and influencer Sarah Talabi, leading to rumors that they could be more than just friends. Talabi posted an Instagram Story from the music festival, writing, "Had the best time with the best group of people," on the screen and tagging Chalamet's Instagram handle, plus her twin sister Leah Talabi and a friend. Talabi later confirmed she did spend time with the Dune star, but quickly pivoted the conversation elsewhere. "I was at Coachella this weekend, as well as the Revolve Festival, and a few other private parties," Sarah told Page Six . "That was me in the photos; my twin sister, Leah Talabi, was there, too. We were all just hanging out and vibing with the music. It was the greatest night of my life." "Everyone is asking me if I was kissing Timothée Chalamet at Coachella, and that is a good question. But a great question would be asking our world leaders why the Earth is now losing 1.2 trillion tons of ice each year due to global warming and why climate crisis reform has been completely ineffective." Kylie Jenner Pascal Le Segretain/Getty ; Karwai Tang/WireImage In April 2023, rumors began circulating that Chalamet and beauty mogul Kylie Jenner were seeing each other after her Range Rover was photographed in his driveway. A source then told PEOPLE that the two were " hanging out and getting to know each other." The pair were also spotted talking to each other a few months prior at Paris Fashion Week. News of their burgeoning relationship came shortly after reports that Jenner was no longer with Travis Scott , the father of her two children , with whom she's been in an on-again, off-again relationship since 2017 . According to a Jenner source, the reality star " just wants to date without any pressure " after "years of back and forth" with Scott. "[Chalamet and Jenner] hang out every week. It's not serious. Kylie is having fun," the insider said, adding, "Everyone in the family is happy and supportive of Kylie dating." In May 2023, a source close to Jenner told PEOPLE that her relationship with Chalamet is "not serious.” The insider noted that “Kylie enjoys dating, but her main focus is being a mom.” Days after the couple attended the Golden Globe awards together in January 2024, a source told PEOPLE that Jenner and Chalamet are becoming " super serious and very involved with each other's day to day lives. " “They’re both real with each other and things have been easy and fun,” the source said. “Timothée reminds Kylie to live in a very ‘present' way, and she really likes that about him. They both push each other to be better people and that’s a constant thing in their relationship.” The insider also said that his family "sees how happy she makes him." Related Articles Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet's Relationship Timeline Wanda Sykes and Alex Sykes' Relationship Timeline Kate Bosworth and Justin Long's Relationship Timeline Who Is Daniel Radcliffe's Girlfriend? All About Actress Erin Darke Emma Stone and Dave McCary's Relationship Timeline Avril Lavigne's Dating History: From Brody Jenner to Tyga Dick Van Dyke's Dating History: From Margie Willett to Arlene Silver Who Is Jon Hamm's Wife? All About Anna Osceola Idris Elba and Sabrina Elba's Relationship Timeline Naomi Watts and Billy Crudup's Relationship Timeline Kris Jenner and Corey Gamble's Relationship Timeline Who Is Molly Ringwald's Husband? All About Panio Gianopoulos Who Is Gabourey Sidibe's Husband? All About Brandon Frankel Who Is Bobby Flay's Ex-Girlfriend? All About Christina Pérez Nelly and Ashanti's Relationship Timeline: A Look at Their Rekindled Romance Kylie Kelce Says She and Jason Keep Others' Opinions Out of Their Marriage: 'We Are Very Secure' Newsletter Sign Up Newsletter Sign Up
Skip to Content Your Complete Guide to All of Timothée Chalamet's Past Relationships Screaming, crying, because we did not make the list. By Abby Dupes and Jasmine Washington Updated: Sep 6, 2022 There's no denying it. Timothée Chalamet is one of Hollywood's most eligible bachelors. And with good reason, too. Not only has he delivered classic on-screen performances since his debut as Elio in 2017's Call Me By Your Name , but he's one of the most down-to-earth celebs around. When he's not making headlines for discussing issues that impact everyday teens, like the pressures of social media , he's causing a frenzy online due to his iconic red carpet looks (OMG, his look at the 2022 Venice Film Fest? 🔥🔥) and even more for rumors about who he's dating. While Timmy works hard to keep deets of his personal life under wraps, a video of him allegedly kissing influencer and model Sarah Talabi emerged after the duo spent time together during the Coachella Music Festival in April 2022. Sarah never officially confirmed if she was dating Timmy, but the rumors fueled speculation that she was his newest girlfriend. This isn't the first time Timothée was spotted reportedly making out with someone. Back in 2020, Timmy was the subject of dating rumors with Baby Driver star Eliza Gonźalez after they were allegedly caught kissing during an possible baecation in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. Despite all the speculation, Timothée appears to be single and ready to mingle. If you want to learn more about who Timmy has dated or been romantically linked to, read ahead for all the details on Timothée's former relationships from 2013 to now. Lourdes Leon - 2013 It's the year 2013 and Timothée Chalamet is a teen attending Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts. Who does he date? Why Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon, of course. During a 2017 interview with Andy Cohen for the movie Call Me by Your Name , Timothée seemed a bit sheepish when talking about the Material Girl designer. “She hasn’t seen [the movie] yet, but she’s excited to,” he said.  “She teases me about the public appearances.… The movie itself she’s very excited about and the reception it’s been getting is only a great thing. It’s like the public appearance stuff around it, like some of the late-night things I’ve done. I get made fun of.” While the young lovebirds split up in 2017, it seems that they are still friends and have nothing but nice things to say about each other. “I respect him a lot, we were a little item,” Lourdes said about him in a 2021 Vanity Fair interview. “My first boyfriend, or anything.” Lily-Rose Depp, October 2018 - April 2020 Vittorio Zunino Celotto Ah, the classic co-star romance! Lily-Rose Depp (yeah, THE Johnny Depp's daughter), and Timothée met on set filming the Netflix movie, The King. The dating rumors didn't start flying until three months after the film had wrapped when fans spotted the two at a New York City café . The nature of their relationship was soon confirmed a month later in October 2018 when they were spotted kissing. During a 2019 interview at the Golden Globes, Timothée skillfully avoided a question about Depp . The duo took a trip to Italy in early September 2019 for the premiere of The King at the Venice Film Festival. While promoting the movie, the couple was seen spending time with friends and indulging in *heavy* canoodling on a boat in Capri. We are talking about those pictures . The internet immediately went into a frenzy. According to Timothée, he found the photos deeply embarrassing. “I went to bed that night thinking that was one of the best days of my life,” he said to GQ in October 2020. “I was on this boat all day with someone I really loved, and closing my eyes, I was like, indisputably, ‘That was great.’ And then waking up to all these pictures, and feeling embarrassed, and looking like a real nob ? All pale ? And then people are like: This is a P.R. stunt. A P.R. stunt?! Do you think I’d want to look like that in front of all of you?! ” But by the time those words were printed, the relationship had already ended. Timothée had already described himself as 'single' during an interview with British Vogue back in May of 2020. Eiza González, June 2020 This relationship was never officially confirmed by either camp, but it certainly seems like Timmy and Baby Driver actress Eiza González were close. Pictures of the pair kissing and hanging out by a pool while on vacation in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico made their way into the press that summer, just months after his split from Depp. Lily-Rose Depp, March 2021 These two just can't seem to resist each other! Sightings of the pair reported by Entertainment Tonight fueled rumors (and hopes) that they were back together, but alas, nothing was confirmed. Despite the buzz that Timmy and Lily got back together in June 2021, with pictures of them together surfacing on the Daily Mail , nothing more has emerged from the pair. Sarah Talabi, April 2022 Alright, fans, we've got some heartbreaking fresh dating news from Chalamet. And bruh, it's a wild ride. At Coachella 2022, on April 18, Timothée Chalamet was seen dancing with Nigerian model and author Sarah Talabi, causing TikTok and Instagram to go into full-on madness. Popular Instagram celeb culture source Deux Moi broke the news, posting an anonymous tip that read "Timothee Chalamet was dancing and kissing Victoria's Secret model Sarah Talabi at Coachella." @Deuxmoi Instagram Sarah then fueled the rumors, by tagging Timmy in an IG story from Coachella that she captioned, "Had the best time with the best group of people." Sarah Talabi Since then, Sarah came out with an unexpected — but honestly, kind of bad*** — statement. She told Page Six “Everyone is asking me if I was kissing Timothée Chalamet at Coachella, and that is a good question. But a great question would be asking our world leaders why the Earth is now losing 1.2 trillion tons of ice each year due to global warming and why climate crisis reform has been completely ineffective." She also told Page Six in a separate interview that she's been receiving death threats since being seen with the Dune actor. Here's hoping the drama ends soon for Sarah's sake! Mystery Girl, April 2022 While it's yet to be confirmed that it's Timothée Chalamet, fans think that a TikTok video of a man kissing a long-haired brunette could be the actor. The evidence? The man featured in the clip is wearing a similar 'fit to what Chalamet was spotted rocking at Coachella. The guy in the video also appears to be around the same height and build as Timmy. View full post on Tiktok And who is this girl, you ask? Rumors have been swirling around her identity, but until someone comes forward or they are pictured together again, we won't know for sure. The Verdict So, the question you came here for — who is Timothée dating now? TBH it's up in the air. He's been walking the red carpet alone as of late but has also recently been caught smooching some lovely ladies. Maybe it's a secret or just a one-night fling. Or, maybe we still have a chance? This is us officially shooting our shot. Your move, Chalamet. Abby Dupes Abby is an editorial assistant at Seventeen, covering pop culture, beauty, life, and health. When she's not busy watching the latest true crime docuseries, you can find her strolling through Sephora, thrifting the perfect dress, or jogging with her pup. Jasmine Washington Assistant Editor Jasmine Washington is an Assistant Editor at Seventeen, where she covers celebrity news, beauty, lifestyle, and more. For the past decade, she has worked for media outlets, including BET, MadameNoire, VH1, and many others, where she used her voice to tell stories across various verticals. Follow her on Instagram. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Celebs & Entertainment Cressida Had an Alternate Ending on 'Bridgerton' All About Luke Newton’s Rumored GF How Taylor Supported Travis at Ring Ceremony All About Zendaya’s Siblings Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Nicola and Luke’s Real-Life Relationship Explained Travis Kelce Shut Down a "Personal" Taylor Swift Q BRB, Shopping Olivia Rodrigo's Perf Summer LBD Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater Attend Stanley Cup Taylor Swift Sings ‘Crazier’ From ‘Hannah Montana' Buy Sabrina's "Please Please Please" Necklace! Is "Please Please Please" About Barry Keoghan? A Matty Source Weighs in on ‘Tortured Poets’ Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Knot The Knot The Knot The Knot The Knot The Bump XO Group The Knot Worldwide Ideas & Advice / News Link copied Are Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner Dating? We Investigate Their Romance Spoiler alert: The answer is yes. Link copied Photos: Getty Images , Design: Natalie Romine by Sarah Hanlon Sarah Hanlon Entertainment & Celebrity Editor Sarah is the Entertainment & Celebrity Editor for The Knot, with special focuses on pop culture and celebrity wedding news. Before joining The Knot Worldwide, Sarah was a contributing writer for Bravo at NBC Universal. Sarah has a degree in journalism and resides in New York City. Updated Jan 07, 2024 If you've spent even five minutes online this year, you've probably seen the Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner dating rumors. They're one of the most fascinating pairings to come out of 2023, for obvious reasons. Though they come from different corners of the entertainment world, they seem to have found love together —and we're kind of obsessed. So, are Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner dating? We investigate their romance and break down all the evidence that points to yes. READ MORE Why Kim K's Wedding Hair Lives Rent-Free in My Mind Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet first sparked romance rumors in April 2023. In September, Timothée and Kylie were spotted kissing at a Beyoncé concert in Los Angeles. Throughout the fall of 2023, Kylie and Timothée supported each other at various events, like at her WSJ. Magazine Innovators Awards dinner and at his Wonka premiere. At the Golden Globe Awards on January 7, 2024, Timothée Chalamet brought Kylie Jenner as his date—and they were seen kissing in the crowd. In this article: Are Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner Dating? Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner's Relationship Timeline Timothée Chalamet's Past Girlfriends Kylie Jenner's Past Boyfriends Are Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner Dating? We know what you're thinking: Is Timothée Chalamet dating Kylie Jenner, or is this just another PR stunt taking over the internet? The answer is yes— these two are *actually* together. After first igniting romance rumors in April 2023, the couple's new relationship has been heating up throughout the year. Perhaps the sweetest thing to see is how often Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet support their professional successes. From award dinners to movie premieres, they've been frequent fixtures at each other's important events throughout 2023 and 2024. Although they have yet to seal the deal by walking a red carpet together, we wouldn't be surprised if that major step comes sooner rather than later. READ MORE Why Kim K's Wedding Hair Lives Rent-Free in My Mind Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner's Relationship Timeline Photo 1: Mike Coppola | Getty Images , Photo 2: Marc Piasecki | WireImage Despite dating for less than a year, there are a few significant milestones in Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet's romance so far. We break down the couple's complete relationship timeline here. January 2023: Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet Hit It Off at Paris Fashion Week We can trace Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner's romance back to January 2023. Although they weren't linked as a couple until the spring, a video of the two laughing and talking at Paris Fashion Week made its rounds on the internet. Though we don't know exactly how and when Timothée the Kylie met and began talking romantically, this very well could have been the beginning of their relationship. FEATURED VIDEO FROM THE KNOT April 2023: Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner Spark Romance Rumors Rumblings of a Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet romance started to pick up, particularly when TMZ obtained photos of the reality TV star's car parked in the actor's driveway in April. That same month, a source told People that the two would "hang out every week," but clarified that their relationship was "not serious." The insider added more color to the situationship , saying, "She is getting to know him. Kylie is having fun. After years of back and forth with Travis [Scott], she just wants to date without any pressure." September 5, 2023: Kylie Jenner and Boyfriend Timothée Chalamet Kiss at a Beyoncé Concert After a quiet summer, things between Timothée and Kylie picked up in September when they were spotted kissing at Beyoncé's Renaissance tour in Los Angeles. It was the first time the couple was spotted out in public together, and they didn't hold back on the PDA. Videos shared on social media showed the couple kissing throughout the show, which took place at SoFi Stadium. At one point, they were joined by Kylie's sister Kendall Jenner too. September 8, 2023: Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner Attend NYFW Dinner Together Days after the concert, Timothée Chalamet and his girlfriend attended a New York Fashion Week dinner together. The event, which was hosted in support of designer Haider Ackermann's collaboration with Augustinus Bader, was an intimate affair. But, per Vogue , the couple's entrance at cocktail hour sent the room "abuzz." September 10, 2023: Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet Watch the US Open Photo: Sarah Stier | Getty Images September continued to be a busy month for the couple. Two days after their fashion dinner, Kylie Jenner and boyfriend Timothée Chalamet took in the US Open in Queens, New York. The couple sat with their arms around each other while they watched the final match between Novak Djokovic and Daniil Medvedev. A few weeks later, Kylie was photographed holding her phone at Milan Fashion Week—but a closer look at the unlocked device revealed that her lock screen was a photo of the two kissing. It doesn't get cuter than that. FOR YOU What to Know About Katy Perry's Engagement Ring Shop the style here. All About Novak Djokovic's Wife, Jelena Djokovic The high school sweethearts began dating nearly 20 years ago. All About Tennis Star Rafael Nadal's 20-Year Love Story The high school sweethearts welcomed their first child in 2022. November 1, 2023: Timothée Chalamet Attends the WSJ. Magazine Innovators Awards With His Girlfriend Photo: Dimitrios Kambouris | Getty Images for WSJ. Magazine Innovators Awards At the WSJ. Magazine Innovators Awards ceremony in November, Kylie Jenner was named Brand Innovator of the Year for her new clothing line, Khy. Timothée Chalamet was close by supporting his girlfriend at the special milestone. Although they didn't walk the event's red carpet together, they did sit next to each other at the same table. Sources say they also left together after Chalamet presented the Film Innovator of the Year award to director Martin Scorsese. November 11, 2023: Kylie Jenner Supports Boyfriend Timothée Chalamet at SNL Timothée Chalamet hosted Saturday Night Live for the second time on November 11, and, yep, you guessed it, Kylie Jenner was there to cheer him on. Although she wasn't seen in the audience, paparazzi captured her entering the show's afterparty. November 28, 2023: Kylie Jenner Attends Timothée Chalamet's Wonka Premiere Timothée Chalamet's girlfriend continued to show her support as the actor's highly anticipated film Wonka premiered in London on November 28. Once again, these two didn't walk the red carpet together, but People confirmed that Jenner watched the film and attended the afterparty.  In early December, an insider told the outlet that their romance had blossomed from something casual to a serious partnership. The source explained that Jenner is "incredibly happy" and now calls Chalamet her boyfriend, officially. As for the actor, they added that he is "in awe of everything she is accomplishing" and "especially thinks she is an amazing mom." Taking it one step further, they confirmed that he earned the Kar-Jenner family stamp of approval "He is very good for Kylie," they continued. "Since dating him, she seems very content, relaxed and focused. Her family loves him." January 7, 2024: Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner Kiss at the Golden Globes Photo: Christopher Polk/Golden Globes 2024/Golden Globes 2024 | Getty Images Fresh off the success of Wonka , Timothée Chalamet brought Kylie Jenner as his date to the 2024 Golden Globe Awards. The two looked extra cozy together while sitting in the audience, and were even captured kissing in between segments. Social media, unsurprisingly, ate up the rare glimpse of PDA from this private couple. So, there you have it. Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner are dating, and we can't wait to see where this romance goes in 2024. Timothée Chalamet's Past Girlfriends Although Timothée Chalamet's current girlfriend is Kylie Jenner, he's had a string of high-profile relationships over the years. We do know that he was linked to Madonna's daughter, Lourdes Leon, who he met at LaGuardia High School in New York City. He went on to date Lily-Rose Depp, Jonny Depp's daughter, from 2018 to 2020. This infamous romance was accompanied by plenty of viral paparazzi moments (like the pics from the Capri boat ride—you know the one). He was later linked to actress Eiza González in the summer of 2020 and model Sarah Talabi in the spring of 2022 before dating Jenner. Kylie Jenner's Past Boyfriends Kylie Jenner's love life has been a consistent focus throughout Keeping Up With the Kardashians . Her first notable romance was with rapper Tyga, partially because their first meeting at her 16th birthday party was documented on the show in 2011. In 2015, they embarked on an on-again, off-again relationship for two years before officially breaking things off in 2017. That same year, Jenner went on to date rapper Travis Scott. In 2018, the couple announced that they welcomed their first child, daughter Stormi Webster, in a viral video that took the internet by storm. Despite breaking up and getting together again multiple times, the couple welcomed a second son in 2022. (Though he was originally named Wolf, it was later revealed that they changed it to another name that has yet to be announced.) The couple broke off their relationship for good at the end of the year, shortly before Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet's relationship would take the world by storm. Link copied FEATURED VIDEO FROM THE KNOT MOST POPULAR ON THE KNOT Phoebe Dynevor Confirms Engagement at 2024 Met Gala Inside Olivia Culpo & Christian McCaffrey's Love Story 120 Taylor Swift Lyrics For All Your Instagram Captions MOST POPULAR ON THE KNOT The 111 Best Song Lyrics for Your Instagram Captions 52 Best Karaoke Songs Of All Time To Win Over the Crowd Is Noah Kahan Engaged? Here's What We Know Ideas & Advice / News Up Next Showing slide number 1 out of 10 Tom Holland and Zendaya's Relationship Timeline Inside Kourtney Kardashian's Wedding to Travis Barker The Stories Behind Our Favorite Celebrity Engagements Swimmer Lilly King Engaged After Qualifying for Paris The Secret to Bravo Star Caroline Stanbury's Marriage Look Back on 'RHOM' Star Guerdy Abraira's Wedding 158 Paris Olympics Captions for 2024 Instagram Posts Are Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce Engaged? The Best BookTok Books to Read on Your Honeymoon Hayley Paige Reveals the Future of Her Bridal Label Trending Phoebe Dynevor Confirms Engagement at 2024 Met Gala We burn for this hard launch. Updated May 07, 2024 Inside Olivia Culpo & Christian McCaffrey's Love Story The NFL star and the former Miss Universe are set to tie the knot this summer. Updated May 28, 2024 120 Taylor Swift Lyrics For All Your Instagram Captions "I'd marry you with paper rings." Updated Apr 22, 2024 The 111 Best Song Lyrics for Your Instagram Captions From iconic classic love songs to trending pop anthems, we've curated lyrics you'll love. Updated Nov 16, 2023 52 Best Karaoke Songs Of All Time To Win Over the Crowd From classic rock to bumpin' new pop songs, here's a curated list of crowd-pleasers. Updated May 15, 2024 Is Noah Kahan Engaged? Here's What We Know The singer's latest vinyl release appears to hint at his relationship status. Updated Apr 22, 2024 The Best Duet Karaoke Songs to Sing Your Hearts Out Songs for all kinds of vocal ranges and styles. Updated Aug 31, 2023 7 Stunning Ralph Lauren Celebrity Wedding Dresses Yes, we're still dreaming about Priyanka Chopra's veil. Updated Nov 21, 2022 All About Scottie and Meredith Scheffler's Love Story The high school sweethearts hosted a festive holiday wedding in December 2020. Updated May 14, 2024 'Barbie' Movie Quotes for Your Instagram Captions Here are the quotes from Barbie you'll want to memorize instantly. Updated Aug 25, 2023 View all
Skip to Content Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet’s Full Relationship Timeline The couple is out and about By Rosa Sanchez and Chelsey Sanchez Published: May 30, 2024 1:26 PM EDT Save Article Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy. Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet have been one of Hollywood’s most secretive couples to date. Though romantic rumors began plaguing the two in April, the cosmetics mogul and the actor did not make a known public appearance together until September. Still, multiple reputable outlets have reported on the duo’s relationship, with some describing it as “casual” but also “new and exciting.” Ahead, see everything we know. Karwai Tang // Getty Images Jeff Kravitz // Getty Images A Closer Look at Kylie & Timothée's Romance Kylie Jenner Coyly Reacts to Timothée Chalamet Theories Read Now Kylie Jenner Secretly Traveled to Support Timothée Chalamet’s Project Read Now Timothée Chalamet Clarifies Where He and Kylie Jenner Stand With Selena Gomez After Rumors Read Now May 29, 2024: Kylie and Timothée have a low-key double date in New York City. A source tells People that the couple headed out to dinner with friends at Tatiana by Kwame Onwuachi in New York City, adding that Chalamet in particular was “really chill and so nice.” Another source tells the outlet that Jenner and Chalamet are “definitely beyond the ‘just having fun’ point of the relationship” and “everyone on both sides sees definite potential for something real.” They add, “They’re both real with each other and things have been easy and fun. Timothée reminds Kylie to live in a very ‘present’ way, and she really likes that about him. They both push each other to be better people and that’s a constant thing in their relationship.” March 7, 2024: Kylie coyly responds to theories on Timothée influencing her style. In an interview with the New York Times , Jenner responds to public speculation that Chalamet inspired her noticeable shift in personal style over the past year, in which she moved from spicy, ultra-sexy pieces to refined minimalist attire. “I don’t know how I feel about that,” she says. “I just don’t want to talk about personal things.” She confirms that she did experience a style transformation one year ago—around the same time her son, Aire, celebrated his first birthday. “It takes me a while after I have a baby to feel like myself again,” she explains. “Then you get your body back, and you’re like, ‘Wait, the trends have changed.’” January 7, 2024: Kylie and Timothée make their Golden Globes debut. The couple arrive at the 81st Golden Globes, and while they skip walking the red carpet together, they are seen showing off their love at the ceremony—and in coordinating sparkly black ensembles , at that. Related Story Kylie & Timothée Debut at the 2024 Golden Globes Christopher Polk/Golden Globes 2024 // Getty Images Clips show the pair chatting, laughing, and even sharing sweet kisses during the show. See here: View full post on X December 24, 2023: Timothée seemingly attended Kylie’s Christmas Eve bash. Fans made a commotion when they spotted a man who appeared to be Chalamet chatting with Jenner at her family’s Christmas Eve party in the background of a Snapchat story posted by Landon Barker. The pic was reposted to a Jenner-Chalamet Instagram fan account. Related Story Timothée Seemingly Attended Kylie’s Christmas Bash December 19, 2023: Timothée talks about that Beyoncé concert date with Kylie. In an interview with MTV, Chalamet is asked what his favorite concert of the year was, but has trouble remembering if he attended any concerts in 2023. “You went to Beyoncé. That is documented, I will say,” interviewer Josh Horowitz tells him. “Oh, yes, yes, yes. That was great, that was great,” Chalamet says, blushing. “Hard to be present,” he then jokes, seemingly alluding to his viral, very public makeout session with Jenner. View full post on Tiktok December 10, 2023: Kylie sneaks into Timothée's movie premiere. At the Los Angeles premiere of Wonka , Chalamet's latest film, Jenner and her mom, Kris Jenner, skip the red carpet and sneak into the Regency Village Theatre after the film's opening credits, according to a source for People . “Kylie and Timothée have been doing really well,” another insider tells Entertainment Tonight . “Even though Kylie has so many of her own commitments, she is very proud of Timothée and wants to be there for him and support him,” the source adds. “Timothée is equally supportive of Kylie and admires her strong work ethic and how committed she is as a mom.” The source adds, “They both make an effort to show up for each other, and it’s very sweet.” Michael Tran // Getty Images December 4, 2023: Kylie calls Timothée “her boyfriend.” A source for People reveals the current relationship status between Jenner and Chalamet, saying the mom of two reportedly now calls the actor “her boyfriend.” The “incredibly happy” couple are both “supportive” of each other’s careers, the insider explains to the outlet. “They both try to attend important events for each other.” In particular, Chalamet is “in awe of everything she is accomplishing” and “especially thinks she is an amazing mom.” “He is very good for Kylie,” the source continues. “Since dating him, she seems very content, relaxed, and focused. Her family loves him.” Related Story Kylie Has a Photo With Timothée As Her Lock Screen November 11, 1023: Kylie supports Timothée as he hosts SNL . Chalamet hosts Saturday Night Live for the second time, breaking the internet with the  “baby face” rap portion of his monologue . He and Jenner attend the SNL after-party together. The makeup mogul looks striking in an asymmetrical black minidress, shiny black tights, heels, and shade. Chalamet, meanwhile, is cool in a colorful blue and red hoodie, purple jacket, gray jeans, black sneakers, and a black baseball hat. Gotham // Getty Images Gotham // Getty Images November 1, 2023: Timothée supports Kylie at the 2023 Innovator Awards. The actor shows up at New York City’s Museum of Modern Art to support Jenner, who is being honored at WSJ. Magazine ’s 2023 Innovator Awards. The two coordinate in sleek dark looks and are photographed smiling and happily chatting while sitting together during the dinner. October 17, 2023: Timothée makes his first comment about dating Kylie. In an interview with GQ , Chalamet speaks about his wish to lead a private life while continuing to have a career in Hollywood and date one of the most famous women on the planet. At one point, GQ ’s Daniel Riley jokingly tells Chalamet that if he really wanted to be left alone, he would not necessarily choose to spend time with one of the four most-followed people on Instagram. At that, the actor laughs and says, “This reminds me of that recent South Park episode with the Worldwide Privacy Tour.” The episode parodies Meghan Markle and Prince Harry, with the couple traveling around the world demanding privacy. “Sometimes, people are going to be hella confused when you say you’re trying to live a private life.” Chalamet adds that despite his fame, he works hard to protect his humanity and stay grounded. “You’ve got to have the experiences in your personal life that are usable to you,” he says. “The experiential rush of my career taking off was so new to me that those were the experiences that were feeding my work for a while. But you’ve got to have real experiences. Human experiences. You’ve got to fall in love, you’ve got to be bored.” September 25, 2023: Kylie and Timothée step out in Paris. The pair is seen out in Paris for Fashion Week. In photos , they’re seen holding hands while stepping out of a car—both in all-black outfits. September 10, 2023: They pack on the PDA at the U.S. Open. The couple is out and about. Jenner and Chalamet are seen at Arthur Ashe Stadium on Sunday for the U.S. Open men’s finals. While there, the pair show their affection for one another with sweet PDA. Gotham // Getty Images Gotham // Getty Images Photos show Jenner leaning over to kiss Chalamet while the actor wraps his arm around her. Other snaps show Chalamet taking photos of Jenner, and the two eating chicken fingers with ketchup while enjoying the match. The U.S. Open even shares a video of them on the tournament’s official Instagram. Gotham // Getty Images Mike Stobe // Getty Images Gotham // Getty Images September 9, 2023: They attend a NYFW dinner together. Less than a week after their PDA-filled outing in L.A., Jenner accompanies Chalamet to a New York Fashion Week event. The model was the actor’s plus-one to a dinner celebrating Haider Ackermann’s beauty collaboration with Augustinus Bader, and the couple’s arrival reportedly set the room “abuzz.” In a video shared on TikTok, Jenner can be seen sitting closely with Chalamet at the long table, with the couple coordinating in black outfits. View full post on Tiktok September 4, 2023: They go very public with their romance. Jenner and Chalamet step out in public together for the first time—and their destination of choice? Beyoncé’s star-studded birthday concert. The couple are accompanied by Kendall Jenner, and joined the likes of Meghan Markle , Kelly Rowland, and Kerry Washington at the L.A. show. In a video shared on X by a concertgoer, Jenner and Chalamet are seen getting cozy and chatting and laughing in their private balcony. And in photos published by TMZ, the two are seen fully making out during the show! View full post on X August 28, 2023: Kylie and Timothée “don’t hang out often.” A source for Us Weekly reveals that the couple is still enjoying a private, but low-key, romance. “Kylie and Timothée haven’t been spending that much time together recently because they both have very busy schedules,” the insider says. “But they’re still communicating on a pretty regular basis and have remained friends despite the fact that they don’t hang out that often.” The source adds, “They run in the same circle of friends, and have a great time when they’re together, but it’s not that serious. Kylie is having fun and although she’s open to seeing where things go, they’re not in a committed relationship. Things are very casual.” August 24, 2023: Kylie arrives at Timothée’s home. Jenner is pictured arriving at the actor’s Beverly Hills home in her Mercedes after a shopping spree in the area. She looks cool and casual in a boxy white tee, light-wash blue jeans, black sandals, and a black tote bag. August 2, 2023: Sources dispel breakup rumors. Life & Style reports that Jenner and Chalamet had split up, with one source claiming, “She’s telling people that things between them naturally fizzled out because they’re both busy and traveling. But friends are whispering that Kylie got dumped.” The source adds, “Kylie is playing it casual, but her friends know this must sting. Timothée was the first guy she really spent time with after splitting from Travis [Scott]. She even introduced him to her family.” However, sources for TMZ speak out against the rumors. The outlet notes that, though the couple have yet to make a public appearance together, “everything is cool between the two [and] they're still an item.” One insider says, “Any reports that say otherwise are false,” and further warned fans “not to believe everything they read.” June 1, 2023: They’re pictured spending time together. Jenner and Chalamet are photographed together for the first time at the actor’s home in Beverly Hills. In photos published by the Daily Mail from two separate days, the pair is seen walking side by side while holding hot drinks. Sources tell the outlet that Jenner has been spending plenty of time at Chalamet’s house—“for upwards of six days a week.” May 2023: They’re reportedly keeping it casual and low-key. Jenner and Chalamet are reportedly enjoying a casual relationship away from the spotlight. A source tells Entertainment Tonight on that the two are “casually seeing each other” and that they’ve been “trying to keep it low-key.” Meanwhile,  a People insider adds that Jenner is still prioritizing parenting above all else. “Kylie enjoys dating, but her main focus is being a mom. [Their relationship is] not serious,” the insider adds. “They are becoming more comfortable with each other, but Kylie wants to take things day by day and see where it goes,” says the ET source . “Her family thinks it’s great that Kylie is doing her thing and they are supportive.” “Timothée loves that Kylie is such a hands-on mom and a boss,” the insider continues. “He appreciates her confidence and thinks she’s incredibly beautiful.” The source adds that Jenner’s ex, Travis Scott, hasn’t been happy with the new relationship but is putting co-parenting first. “Travis is not thrilled about Kylie moving on, but they are still cordial and focused on co-parenting and being the best parents they can be.” April 17, 2023: Dating Timothée feels “different than [Kylie’s] past relationships.” An insider for Entertainment Tonight reveals that Jenner’s romance with Chalamet is “new and exciting.” “They are keeping things casual at this point. It’s not serious, but Kylie is enjoying hanging out with Timothée and seeing where it goes,” the source added. “It’s been really fun for her because it feels a lot different than her past relationships. It’s new and exciting for Kylie and she’s having a lot of fun.” Though some fans speculated that the two would go public during Coachella, the insider explained why that didn’t happen: “Kylie decided she didn’t want to make things public with Timothée this past weekend at Coachella and really just wanted to chill and have fun with her friends.” The source additionally noted that big sister Kendall Jenner might have helped orchestrate their relationship. “Timothée is also friends with Kendall, so it’s been easy for Kylie to integrate him into her life,” the source said. April 2023: Romance rumors emerge. While neither Jenner nor Chalamet have publicly commented on their relationship, dating rumors began to spread in early April. An anonymous tipster first claimed to Deuxmoi that the two had been seeing each other since January. Other tipsters also wrote that the stars were likely to attend Coachella together. The rumors hit a fever pitch when one of Jenner’s luxury cars, a black Range Rover, was photographed outside of Chalamet’s Beverly Hills home, though the pictures don’t show Jenner or Chalamet. (Chalamet’s home is about an hour away from Jenner'’s lavish Holmby Hills estate, per the outlet.) There have also been reports that the pair had a low-key date night at Tito’s Tacos in Santa Monica a week before Jenner’s Range Rover was spotted at Chalamet’s house. Per DailyMail.com , Chalamet was seen getting into another of Jenner’s cars, with his own following behind as they reportedly drove to the L.A. taco stand and ate in the back seat. That same week, a source later confirmed to People that the pair “are hanging out and getting to know each other.” Another insider told Us Weekly that the rumored couple are still in the early stages of their romance. “Kylie has only hung out with Timothée a couple of times, so things aren’t that serious. However, she’s enjoying getting to know him better and is open to seeing where things go,” the source told the outlet. “Things are very new so it’s hard to tell, but so far she likes what she sees.” The insider added, “Timothée is a total gentleman and treats [Kylie] with respect. He’s very charming and he makes her laugh, and he’s easy to talk to. He’s not like any of the other guys she’s dated before and although he may not seem like her type, they have really good chemistry.” January 2023: Kylie and Timothée reportedly meet for the first time. The two met in-person for the first time when they attended the same Jean Paul Gaultier fashion show in January during Paris Couture Week. A video of them laughing together at the show was published by celebrity gossip Instagram account Deuxmoi. They also both attended Vanity Fair ’s 2023 Oscars after-party in March, but were not seen or photographed together. January 2023: Kylie splits from her longtime on-and-off boyfriend. Outlets reported that Jenner broke up with Travis Scott after the holidays in late 2022 or early 2023. The two began dating in 2017 and share two children : daughter Stormi, five, and son Aire Webster , one. Meanwhile, Don’t Look Up star Chalamet was previously linked to actresses Eiza González, Lily-Rose Depp, and Lourdes Leon. Rosa Sanchez Senior News Editor Rosa Sanchez is the senior news editor at Harper's Bazaar, working on news as it relates to entertainment, fashion, and culture. Previously, she was a news editor at ABC News and, prior to that, a managing editor of celebrity news at American Media. She has also written features for Rolling Stone, Teen Vogue, Forbes, and The Hollywood Reporter, among other outlets. Chelsey Sanchez Digital Associate Editor As an associate editor at HarpersBAZAAR.com, Chelsey keeps a finger on the pulse on all things celeb news. She also writes on social movements, connecting with activists leading the fight on workers' rights, climate justice, and more. Offline, she’s probably spending too much time on TikTok, rewatching Emma (the 2020 version, of course), or buying yet another corset. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Celebrity News Cara Delevingne Wears a Satin JPG Minidress Suri Cruise Just Graduated High School Simone Ashley Pairs a Latex Dress with Naked Shoes Kylie Jenner Teases an Upcoming Khy Drop Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Jennifer Lawrence Rocks Red-Hot Parachute Pants Hailey Bieber Bares Her Baby Bump in Lace Catsuit Bad Bunny Serves Up a Monochrome Dior Moment Taylor Swift & Travis Kelce Relationship Timeline Demi Moore & Her Dog, Pilaf, Sit Front Row at PFW Emma Stone Puts Her Spin on the Tweed Miniskirt Taylor Swift & Travis Kelce are Instagram Official Rihanna Does Indie Sleaze for Paris Fashion Week Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
toggle Home > Entertainment > Celebrity > Celebrity Relationships Timothée Chalamet Has a New Girlfriend — Plus, His Former Flame Addressed Dating Rumors (EXCLUSIVE) By Stephanie Harper Apr. 18 2023, Updated 11:15 a.m. ET Source: Getty Images People have been crushing on Timothée Chalamet since he starred in major movies like Call Me By Your Name , Lady Bird , and Beautiful Boy. He's also the lead in the sci-fi reboot franchise Dune , which also stars Zendaya . Article continues below advertisement Timothée is clearly staying booked and busy with his career, but what about his love life? In the past, there have been wild rumors about his romances, to the point of where his former flames have started to chime in. Is he dating anyone right now? Let's find out! Source: Getty Images Article continues below advertisement Who is Timothée Chalamet dating right now? Following intense social media rumors, Entertainment Tonight has confirmed that the latest apple of Timothée Chalamet's eye is none other than social media mogul Kylie Jenner . Kylie was famously in a relationship with rapper Travis Scott until January 2023, although a source from People alleges its "probably not the end" of their relationship. In the meantime, however, Kylie is getting cozy with Timothée! A source told Entertainment Tonight , "They are keeping things casual at this point. It’s not serious, but Kylie is enjoying hanging out with Timothée and seeing where it goes." "It’s been really fun for her because it feels a lot different than her past relationships. It’s new and exciting for Kylie and she’s having a lot of fun." Article continues below advertisement Source: Getty Images Who has Timothée Chalamet dated in the past? During Weekend 1 of Coachella 2022, an eagle-eyed attendee who saw the Wonka actor in the crowd shared the spotting with celebrity gossip Instagram account @DeuxMoi . On April 18, 2022, the social media Gossip Girl shared a message that revealed, "Timothée Chalamet was dancing with and kissing Victoria's Secret model Sarah Talabi at Coachella." The anonymous tipster also submitted a photo of the pair. Article continues below advertisement Source: Instagram / @deuxmoi Sarah spoke exclusively with Distractify in April 2022 and released a statement regarding Timothée: "Everyone is asking me if I was kissing Timothée Chalamet at Coachella, and that is a good question, but a great question would be asking our world leaders why the Earth is now losing 1.2 trillion tons of ice each year due to global warming and why climate crisis reform has been completely ineffective. I encourage you to contact your local representatives and ask them that." Article continues below advertisement As for who else the actor has dated? Timothée's old high school girlfriend happens to be none other than Madonna ’s super beautiful, high-profile daughter. We’re talking about Lourdes Leon , known for her modeling and fashion design. Timothée and Lourdes both attended a Manhattan music and performing arts high school where they first connected. In a 2021 interview with Vanity Fair, Lourdes revealed, “I respect him a lot. We were a little item. My first boyfriend,” She’s currently moved onto a new relationship with Jonathon Puglia. Source: Getty Images Timothée with Lily-Rose Depp Article continues below advertisement Timothée also dated Lily-Rose Depp , Johnny Depp's daughter, from late 2018 until spring 2020. Their relationship was made into a spectacle in September 2019 when the paparazzi snapped pictures of them packing on the PDA while vacationing in Italy. Timothée has also been linked to model and actress Eiza Gonzalez . They spent time together in Cabo San Lucas in late June 2020. The two shared what looked to be a super enjoyable summer together, based on the photos; but, by the time fall season came around, they were no longer seen hanging out, leading us to believe they called it quits. Reporting by Allison DeGrushe Advertisement More from Distractify Kylie Jenner Is Rumored to Be Dating Timothée Chalamet — and the Internet Has Zero Chill Who Are Timothée Chalamet's Parents? The Actor Has Been Called a "Nepo Baby" Timothée Chalamet Is Never Going to Live Down His Rapping Career Latest Celebrity Relationships News and Updates Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement ABOUT Distractify About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use DMCA Sitemap CONNECT with Distractify Link to Facebook Link to X Link to Instagram Contact us by Email Opt-out of personalized ads © Copyright 2024 Distractify. Distractify is a registered trademark. All Rights Reserved. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.
Newsletters Open Menu Close Search Icon Open Search Close Read Next: Did Perfect Match ’s Harry & Melinda Kiss? They Finally Revealed the Truth Newsletters Search Icon Close Open Menu Close Search Icon Open Search Search for: Search Icon Search for: Close Menu Follow Us Facebook X Instagram Pinterest YouTube Alerts & Newsletters Email address to subscribe to newsletter. Subscribe By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy .
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. PMC Logo StyleCaster is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2024 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Meet Timothee Chalamet’s Girlfriends Before Kylie  Jenner—Including Another Nepo Baby Still can’t believe it! By Jason Pham Plus icon Jason Pham More stories by Jason Kat McNamara Spills on The ‘Arrow’ Finale & Kicks Ass In Spring Fashion Read more The Most Memorable Moments in Grammys History Read more Chrissy Teigen Reveals Hilarious Hair Extension-Removal Gone Wrong on Snapchat Read more November 11, 2023 10:30 pm Getty Images Share Share on Facebook Post Share to Flipboard Pin it Show more sharing options Post to Tumblr Submit to Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share on WhatsApp Email Print This Page Since his rise to fame, there’s been a lot of interest in who Timothée Chalamet is dating now and his girlfriends both past and present. Chalamet—who has starred in movies like Dune , Lady Bird , Call Me By Your Name and Little Women —has dated his fair share of women in Hollywood, including two celebrity daughters. In an interview with W Magazine in 2018, Chalamet revealed why the word “date” scares him. “Date is very much a scary word, because then that context has been established. You can always see people on early date behavior,” he said at the time. Chalamet also told Harry Styles in an interview with i-D in 2018 that he considers the “meaning of life” to “love deepy” and “love openly.” “That we’re all only here for so long. Live and let live. Love deeply. Love openly. And know that the wise man knows he’s ignorant but cultivates more understanding,” he said at the time. At a press conference at the Venice Film Festival in 2022, Chalamet also told reporters why he doesn’t often use social media. “To be young now, and to be young whenever—I can only speak for my generation—is to be intensely judged,” he said. “I can’t imagine what it is to grow up with the onslaught of social media, and it was a relief to play characters who are wrestling with an internal dilemma absent the ability to go on Reddit, or Twitter, Instagram or TikTok and figure out where they fit in.” He continued, “I’m not casting judgement. You can find your tribe there. [But] I think it’s hard to be alive now. I think societal collapse is in the air.” So who is Timothée Chalamet’s dating and who are his girlfriends? Read on ahead for Chalamet’s dating history and what his love life has been like since he became the heartthrob we know today. Who is Timothée Chalamet dating now? Who is Timothée Chalamet dating now? Read on for Timothée Chalamet’s dating history and his past girlfriends. Lourdes Leon (2013) Image Credit: Dominik Bindl/Getty Images Chalamet and Lourdes Leon, Madonna, dated in 2013 when they were both 17 years old and students at LaGuardia High School in New York City. In an interview with Andy Cohen on SiriusXM, Chalamet revealed that he ran into Cohen while he was at an event with Leon and Madonna in 2013. “That was actually a really fun night,” he said. “Well I don’t know if you remember but Madonna was kinda with us dancing and my buddy Joey was there and Lola was there too and we were all dancing together. I don’t know I usually don’t talk about this stuff, but that was a good night.” Chalamet also revealed at the time that Leon hadn’t watched his movie, Call Me By Your Name, but she was “excited” to. While Chalamet explained that he was “happy” to answer questions about his romance with Leon, he remained mum when Cohen asked him how long they dated. “Next question, I’m outta here,” he joked. In an interview with Vanity Fair in 2021, Leon called Chalamet her “first boyfriend.” “I respect him a lot, we were a little item. My first boyfriend … or anything,” she said. News broke of Leon and Chalamet’s relationship in 2013. A source told Us Weekly at the time, “Dating is a loose term for it, but yes, they are teenagers being teenagers so I guess you can call it that. It has not been going on for very long at all.” Our mission at STYLECASTER is to bring style to the people, and we only feature products we think you’ll love as much as we do. Please note that if you purchase something by clicking on a link within this story, we may receive a small commission of the sale. Eiza González (June 2020) Chalamet and González sparked dating rumors in June 2020 when they were photographed kissing at a pool in Cabo, Mexico while on a five-day vacation together. A source told E! News at the time that Chalamet and González took a private plane together to Cabo, where they “couldn’t keep their hands off of each other.” Chalamet and González were also photographed in Los Angeles after their Cabo trip. However, their relationship ended there. A source told E! News in October 2020 that Chalamet and González hadn’t been together for a while and that González “seemed single” when another eyewitness saw her. Lily-Rose Depp (October 2018 - April 2020, April 2021) Chalamet and Depp, the daughter of Johnny Depp and Vanessa Paradis, met in July 2018 while filming the Netflix movie, The King. They sparked dating rumors in September and October 2018 after they were photographed kissing in New York City. In September 2019, the couple was photographed kissing aboard a yacht in Capri, Italy, during the Venice Film Festival. Chalamet told GQ in October 2020 about ow the photos affected him. “I went to bed that night thinking that was one of the best days of my life,” he said. “I was on this boat all day with someone I really loved, and closing my eyes, I was like, indisputably, that was great.” “Waking up to all these pictures, and feeling embarrassed, and looking like a real nob? All pale?” He continued, “And then people are like: This is a PR stunt. A PR stunt?! Do you think I’d want to look like that in front of all of you?!” In April 2020, news broke that Chalamet and Depp had broken up after the actor told British Vogue that he was “single.” However, a year later, in April 2021, rumors sparked that the couple was back together after they were photographed with one another in New York City. “They’re both super happy,” a source told In Touch at the time. “Their relationship is going really well. It works better for them that way.” According to the insider, Chalamet and Depp’s “brief split ended up working in their favor.” The source also noted that the couple “got back together in January and are stronger than ever” after realizing “what they’d lost” while broken up. However, they seemed to split again soon after. Kylie Jenner (2023 - present) A source also confirmed the report to People . “[They] are hanging out and getting to know each other,” the insider said. The confirmation came hours after TMZ reported that Jenner’s Range Rover was photographed outside of Chalamet’s home in Beverly Hills, California. Their relationship was very much confirmed when Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet were spotted hugging and kissing in the VIP section of Beyoncé’s Renaissance Tour in SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, California. Those who were also in the VIP section included Kendall Jenner, Lori Harvey, Justine Skye, Justin and Hailey Bieber, Adele, Zendaya, and Kim Kardashian. A concertgoer captured the video moment where Chalamet caresses Kylie and they embrace in a kiss, per TMZ . In another clip, Jenner hugs Chalamet from behind. Neither of them has commented on the relationship publicly, but in an interview with MTV, he made an offhand comment that people think was a cute reference to his girlfriend. When asked to reflect on his “best concert experience of 2023”, Timmy had seemingly forgotten that he was at Beyoncé: “I don’t know if I went to any concerts in 2023,” he said. The reporter chimed in: “You went to Beyoncé.” Tim started giggling and then said, “Oh, yes yes yes. That was great.” He added, “Hard to be present.” The two appeared together at the 2024 Golden Globes and had some pretty cute moments together. StyleCaster Daily Get the latest news and style intel delivered to your inbox. Subscribe More from StyleCaster ROYALS King Charles Reportedly ‘Hates’ This Aspect of His Relationship With Archie & Lilibet Entertainment Suri Cruise’s Graduation Included a Major Hint About Where She Stands With Her Dad Entertainment Was Perfect Match Season 2’s Winner Rigged? Here’s What a Cast Member Revealed Entertainment Justin Timberlake Admits He Had a ‘Tough Week’ in 1st Statement After His Arrest Entertainment Are Elys & Bryton Still Together From The Perfect Match ? An Update to Their Relationship Entertainment Did Perfect Match ’s Harry & Melinda Kiss? They Finally Revealed the Truth Must Reads Fashion TikTok Says These Jeans Are the ‘Perfect’ ’90s Jean Dupes Beauty 6 Best Products for Thinning Hair, According to TikTok Entertainment Binge-Worthy Shows, Movies & Live Events To Stream RN StyleCaster Daily Get the latest news and style intel delivered to your inbox. Email address to subscribe to newsletter. Subscribe By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy .
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Shopping With SC Fashion Taylor Swift Just Wore These Kicks & They’re 40% Off RN Cheap Finds This Target Sweater Set Looks So Expensive, I Wore It To the Beyoncé Concert Fashion The Best Ugg-Inspired Boots Start at Just $21 More From StyleCaster Entertainment Are Christine & Nigel Still Together From The Perfect Match ? What Happened After That Finale Upset STYLECASTER EXCLUSIVE I Tried the Brand New Rhode Pocket Blush & I Have Tons of Thoughts PMC Logo Most Popular 1. Donald Sutherland, Star of 'MASH,' 'Klute' and 'Hunger Games,' Dies at 88 2. 'Resident Alien' Renewed for Season 4 and Changing Networks 3. Kylie Kelce’s Heartwarming Photo of Her 3 Daughters Has Fans Calling One Girl a ‘Travis Twin’ 4. Ella Mai, Jayson Tatum Pregnancy Rumors Fly After NBA Finals You may also like ‘A Real Pain’ trailer sends Jesse Eisenberg and Kieran Culkin on a road trip of self-discovery [Watch] House of the Dragon Recap: Hand Off — Plus, Who Dies This Week? Netflix is considering a free version of the service – here’s who could get it rollingstone Paul McCartney, Prince William, Tom Cruise: All the Celebs at Taylor Swift’s London Shows Spy_White The Best Loofahs and Body Scrubbers, According to Dermatologists PMC Logo StyleCaster is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2024 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Our Sites ad
MENU Celebrity Who Is Timothée Chalamet Dating? He Thinks “Date” Is “Very Much A Scary Word” Here’s everything we know about the Dune and The French Dispatch star’s dating history. by Emlyn Travis Oct. 23, 2021 Samir Hussein/WireImage/Getty Images Timothée Chalamet is the definition of booked and busy. The 25-year-old actor is currently at the helm of three major new films — two of which released in October alone. He is one of filmmaker Wes Anderson’s newest darlings in the film The French Dispatch and also portrays the empathetic and inquisitive Paul Atreides in Denis Villeneuve’s highly-anticipated sci-fi film Dune. And, to top it all off, Chalamet also recently revealed the first glimpse of himself as Willy Wonka from the set of the upcoming 2023 prequel film inspired by the whimsical world of Roald Dahl. While details about the actor’s career accomplishments might be widespread, information surrounding his relationship status is a little less clear. As of now, the Call Me By Your Name actor appears to be single, but he is notoriously very private when it comes to his personal life. Chalamet has always tried to gracefully side-step questions about his past and present dating history in various public interviews and red carpet events. In fact, the young star has never explicitly confirmed he’s in a relationship with any of his past partners. When asked about his first date in a 2018 interview with W Magazine , he was guarded with his response. “I don’t know. Date is very much a scary word, because then that context has been established,” he said. “You can always see people on early date behavior.” Although he might be decidedly quiet on the subject of his love life, here is everything we know about Chalamet’s dating history amid the releases of Dune and The French Dispatch . 2013: Lourdes Leon Chalamet and Madonna’s daughter Lourdes Leon dated in 2013 while they were both students at Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts, according to People . Both individuals have largely remained mum about their previous relationship and how long it last, but Leon did call Chalamet her “first boyfriend” in an April 2021 Vanity Fair interview. She also revealed that he’s still someone she holds in high regard, saying, “I respect him a lot, we were a little item.” Since their split, the pair have remained in touch and appear to have a friendly relationship with one another. In 2017, Chalamet told Andy Cohen on SiriusXM that Leon was “excited” to see him star in Call Me By Your Name . “She hasn’t seen it yet, but she’s excited to, she teases me about it,” he said. “The movie itself she’s very excited about and the reception it’s been getting is a great thing. It’s the public appearance stuff around it, some of the late-night things I’ve done, I get made fun of.” 2018-2020: Lily-Rose Depp Stefania D'Alessandro/WireImage/Getty Images Chalamet and model, actor, and Johnny Depp’s daughter Lily-Rose Depp first met on the set of the Netflix film The King in June 2018. However, the two co-stars didn’t begin to s park dating rumors until roughly three months later when they were spotted by fans at a New York City café together in late September. Although neither actor initially commented on their relationship status , they seemingly confirmed dating speculation less than a month later when they were seen kissing in public in October . After they traveled to Paris for the holidays and Chalamet artfully dodged a question about Depp at the 2019 Golden Globes, any further information about the couple was incredibly limited for months. Then, in September 2019, they visited Italy for the premiere of The King at the Venice Film Festival. While there, the couple was seen relaxing, spending time with friends, and, most notably, kissing on a boat in Capri , which promptly sent the internet into overdrive. According to Chalamet well after the fact, the photos of the couple sharing kisses were deeply embarrassing. “I went to bed that night thinking that was one of the best days of my life,” he told GQ in October 2020. “I was on this boat all day with someone I really loved, and closing my eyes, I was like, indisputably, ‘That was great.’ And then waking up to all these pictures, and feeling embarrassed, and looking like a real nob ? All pale ? And then people are like: This is a P.R. stunt. A P.R. stunt?! Do you think I’d want to look like that in front of all of you?! ” By April 2020, the couple had parted ways , with Chalamet described as “single” in a British Vogue feature in May. However, a year later, in April 2021, the pair were seen shopping together in New York City’s East Village. “While Lily was looking at something outside, he bought it quickly for her as a secret gift and then ran out,” an eyewitness told Entertainment Tonight. “He was very sweet and is always gracious and kind to the designer and staff at the store.” But by August 2021, it appeared that the couple had gone their separate ways once again after Depp was confirmed to be dating actor Austin Butler , who will star in Baz Luhrmann’s upcoming biopic Elvis . 2020: Eiza González While the couple never officially confirmed they were dating, romantic photos of Chalamet and actor and singer Eiza González were published in The Daily Mail in June 2020. The images showed Chalamet and González kissing and spending quality time together by a pool while on vacation in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, just months after his split from Depp. However, by October 2020, it was reported that they had also broken up . A source close to the couple told E! , “Eiza hasn’t been with Timothée for a while now,” and that Chalamet “seemed single.” Get Even More From Bustle — Sign Up For The Newsletter From hair trends to relationship advice, our daily newsletter has everything you need to sound like a person who’s on TikTok, even if you aren’t. Bustle Daily Up Next Submit By subscribing to this BDG newsletter, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Subscribe to our newsletter > More like this
Skip to Content Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet’s Complete Relationship Timeline By Aimée Lutkin and Alyssa Bailey Published: May 30, 2024 10:40 AM EDT Save Article Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy. Beauty mogul Kylie Jenner and actor Timothée Chalamet sparked a romance in 2023, shortly after Jenner split with the father of her two children, Travis Scott. She and Scott had an on-again-off-again relationship for a few years and now co-parent their daughter Stormi and son Aire. While Chalamet and Jenner are an unexpected couple to fans, they have had several public outings. Their relationship remains on in April 2024, although the couple has kept it more private since their 2024 Golden Globes date. Here’s everything we know about their love story so far. Jump to: January 2023 April 2023 May 2023 June 2023 July 2023 August 2023 September 2023 October 2023 November 2023 December 2023 January 2024 March 2024 April 2024 May 2024 January 2023 Jenner and Scott spent their holidays separately and by early January, a source told US Weekly , “Kylie and Travis are off again, they were supposed to spend the holidays together, but she went to Aspen to be with her family and friends up there... This has happened so many times before, they’re known to be on again off again, but always remain friends and great coparents.” Then on January 25, Jenner and Chalamet were seen enjoying one another's company at  Paris Fashion Week during the Jean Paul Gaultier show. This was allegedly their first meeting, and gossip account DeuxMoi later shared a video of them laughing together once rumors started circulating that they were more than friends. April 2023 In early April, DeuxMoi first started posting about the alleged couple, sharing a picture of them together with the caption, “NEW COUPLE ALERT.” Soon after, TMZ released pics of her familiar black Ranger Rover parked outside Chalamet's Beverly Hills home. Around April 13, an eyewitness told Daily Mail that they saw Chalamet getting into Jenner's car after leaving an art show in Santa Monica. He exited the event “looking around anxiously” and “texting constantly on his phone.” Then Jenner supposedly “pulled up in her custom Extended Lincoln Navigator, with security in the front seats.” They then headed to Tito's Taco stand for a secret parking lot date. On April 14, source told People that the pair have been “hanging out and getting to know each other.” A few days later, another source told Entertainment Tonight that they are officially dating, but things are casual. “They are keeping things casual at this point,” said the insider. “It’s not serious, but Kylie is enjoying hanging out with Timothée and seeing where it goes. It’s been really fun for her because it feels a lot different than her past relationships. It’s new and exciting for Kylie and she’s having a lot of fun.” They added, “Kylie decided she didn’t want to make things public with Timothée this past weekend at Coachella and really just wanted to chill and have fun with her friends.” Another insider told People that the two “hang out every week” but it’s “not serious.” “She is getting to know him,” the source added. “Kylie is having fun. After years of back and forth with Travis [Scott], she just wants to date without any pressure.” May 2023 In May, a source told Entertainment Tonight that the knew couple was trying to keep thing quiet. They're “casually seeing each other, but are trying to keep it low-key,” the source said. “They are becoming more comfortable with each other, but Kylie wants to take things day by day and see where it goes,” they added. “Her family thinks it's great that Kylie is doing her thing and they are supportive.” The source continued, “Timothée loves that Kylie is such a hands-on mom and a boss. He appreciates her confidence and thinks she's incredibly beautiful.” Jenner's ex Travis Scott, was also reportedly disturbed by their connection. “Travis is not thrilled about Kylie moving on, but they are still cordial and focused on co-parenting and being the best parents they can be,” they said. In late May, Jenner’s black Range Rover SVA was seen outside  Timothée Chalamet’s mansion in Beverly Hills, California, according to Page Six . It stopped off early in the morning then left with a security detail. June 2023 On Thursday, June 1, they were seen outside Chalamet's Beverly Hills home and then out for lunch wearing matching tie dye shirts, the Daily Mail reported. “Timothée is a total gentleman and treats [Kylie] with respect. He’s very charming and he makes her laugh, and he’s easy to talk to,” a source said . “He’s not like any of the other guys she’s dated before and although he may not seem like her type, they have really good chemistry.” July 2023 In July, Scott seemed to comment on Jenner's relationship with Chalamet on his new album Utopia . On a track called “Meltdown,” Scott appears to make a reference to Chalamet's role in the new movie Wonka , a take on the classic novel Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory . He raps: Chocolate AP and chocolate the Vs got the/ Willy Wonka factory (Vs)/ Burn an athlete like it's calories find another flame hot as me, bitch!!! August 2023 Following false early August tabloid breakup rumors , TMZ and Entertainment Tonight both reported that Jenner and Chalamet's romance is still going strong. A source told Entertainment Tonight on August 16, “Kylie and Timothée are still seeing each other when they can. Kylie’s busy with work and traveling a lot, but they make time for each other when it works and both like each other. They’re keeping things low key and chill for now, but get along great and have fun together.” On August 28, a source gave Us Weekly similar intel. “Kylie and Timothée haven’t been spending that much time together recently because they both have very busy schedules,” the source said. “But they’re still communicating on a pretty regular basis and have remained friends despite the fact that they don’t hang out that often. They run in the same circle of friends, and have a great time when they’re together, but it’s not that serious. Kylie is having fun and although she’s open to seeing where things go, they’re not in a committed relationship. Things are very casual.” September 2023 On September 4, Jenner and Chalamet made their public debut at Beyoncé’s concert. They were filmed keeping close to each other and talking during the show. View full post on X TMZ obtained video of them kissing there in the first PDA sighting. Just a few days later, on Friday, September 8, the new couple were seen at a dinner for New York Fashion Week for the launch of Haider Ackermann’s beauty collaboration with Augustinus Bader, Vogue reported. Jenner was Chalamet's plus one. Also attending were Jared Leto, Oscar Isaac, Sofia Coppola and Amelia Gray Hamlin. In a video on TikTok, Jenner is sitting beside Chalamet. View full post on Tiktok The couple went on to attend the US Open together and kiss there on September 10. Gotham // Getty Images Jenner and Chalamet on September 10 at the US Open. On September 19, a source spoke to Entertainment Tonight about how Jenner feels really secure dating Chalamet. The insider explained that Jenner and Chalamet went public at Beyoncé’s concert on September 4 “because she is confident and secure in their relationship. [She] feels like she can be herself with him [and] really likes that.” Jenner and Chalamet “also connect on a deep level,” the source said, adding that “Timothée is also a family man, and they relate to each other about that. Kylie’s friends and family think Timothée is great and love seeing her happy.” On September 21, ELLE Mexico captured photos of Jenner at Prada’s fashion show with her Timothée Chalamet lockscreen visible on her iPhone. Although it was likely unintentional, it is the first little hint Jenner has given herself of Chalamet’s place in her life. View full post on Instagram And on September 25, Chalamet and Jenner were photographed together again, this time in Paris. The pair was seen holding hands while exiting a car at Folderol Wine Bar for Rosalía’s birthday party. Both had black outfits on. October 2023 Chalamet touches on his relationship with Jenner in an interview with GQ . He started by discussing the fan interest in him and his love life: “I can’t say that this stuff doesn’t matter, because my intense fandom has led me to where I am.” But he also “bristles at the suggestion that he might not be entitled to a wholly private life,” GQ ’s reporter Daniel Riley wrote. Riley then gently suggested that “if he really wanted to be left alone he might not spend time with one of the four most followed people on Instagram,” referring to Jenner. Chalamet nodded at the comment, laughed, and replied, “This reminds me of that recent South Park episode with the Worldwide Privacy Tour [which was a parody of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry , and had their characters traveling around the world, demanding privacy]. Sometimes, people are going to be hella confused when you say you’re trying to live a private life.” On October 25, WSJ magazine published an interview with Jenner. The outlet wrote that Jenner was not ready to speak about her relationship with Chalamet, but she did give her opinion on his film Dune as a sci-fi fan. “I do love that movie,” she said. November 2023 Chalamet and Jenner kick off the month together by both attending the WSJ Magazine Innovator Awards on November 1 in New York City. Jenner was honored with the Brand award, while Chalamet presented the Film award to director Martin Scorsese. The couple matched in dark ensembles and sat next to each other during the dinner portion of the event. Photographers captured one shot of them at the table: Dimitrios Kambouris // Getty Images On November 11, Chalamet hosted Saturday Night Live and Jenner's mother, Kris Jenner, hinted at her approval of the relationship with a post on Instagram relating to the big gig. In what seems like her first acknowledgment of the relationship, Kris reposted the promotional video for Chalamet's appearance on her Stories, writing “Tune in to SNL tonight!” After the successful show, Jenner was seen going to the after party in an all-black ensemble to show her own support to Chalamet. Gotham // Getty Images At the end of the month, Jenner secretly traveled to London to support Chalamet at the premiere of Wonka . She attended the after-party, Entertainment Tonight reported, with an eyewitness saying Jenner was seen at The Corinthia Hotel,“just steps away from” Chalamet. December 2023 A source told People on December 4 that Jenner is officially calling Chalamet her boyfriend. She is  “incredibly happy,” the source said, adding they had put a label on their relationship. “He is very supportive of her career and she of his. They both try to attend important events for each other.” “He is very good for Kylie,” that source added. “Since dating him, she seems very content, relaxed and focused. Her family loves him.” Chalamet, meanwhile, is “in awe of everything she is accomplishing [and] especially thinks she is an amazing mom.” On December 18, during an interview with MTV’s Josh Horowitz, Chalamet made a rare comment about his appearances with Jenner after the viral clip of them kissing at a Beyoncé concert was mentioned. Horowitz had asked Chalamet what his favorite concert of the year had been, and the Wonka actor drew a blank. "You went to Beyoncé. That is documented, I will say that," joked Horowitz. He laughed, “That's right. That was great. Hard to be present.” View full post on Tiktok He then commented more on the concert, saying, “I was actually surprised. I’m not, like, Beyhive-level, but I thought I knew way more [songs]. But I guess I know some of the more basic hits.” January 2024 January 5 On Friday, January 5, Chalamet was seen driving Jenner's Range Rover in Los Angeles, stopping on Sunset Boulevard at the Supreme clothing store. The actor was wearing a brown sweatshirt set from Pakistani streetwear label Rastah, and matching shoes. his other accessories included a black baseball cap and gold neck chain. January 7 Jenner and Chalamet attended the Golden Globes together. While the couple opted not to walk the red carpet together, they sat side-by-side during the ceremony. They were filmed kissing at one point. Fans speculated that Jenner told Chalamet she loved him in the footage based off her lip movements. View full post on X The couple was also photographed being affectionate during the broadcast: Christopher Polk/Golden Globes 2024 // Getty Images January 8 Sources spoke to Entertainment Tonight and People about how serious Jenner and Chalamet are. A source told People : “They’re both real with each other and things have been easy and fun. Timothée reminds Kylie to live in a very ‘present’ way, and she really likes that about him. They both push each other to be better people, and that’s a constant thing in their relationship.” The source said of their current dynamic: “[They] are super serious and very involved with each other’s day-to-day lives, family on both sides included. On Kylie’s side, Kris [Jenner] and Kim [Kardashian] are especially supportive and think there’s so much potential.” On Chalamet’s side, “his family also sees how happy she makes him. They’re definitely beyond the ‘just having fun’ point of the relationship. Everyone on both sides sees definite potential for something real here.” Entertainment Tonight ’s source discussed their commitment to supporting the other’s career. “Things have been going very well between Kylie and Timothée,” that source said. “They are extremely supportive of one other and like to be there for each other.” “Kylie is extremely busy and has so many of her own things going on, but she makes an effort to show up for Timothée,” they continued. “It means a lot to him to have her support and that she goes out of her way for him and the things he’s passionate about. He is so incredibly appreciative and sees a side of Kylie that she doesn’t necessarily show everyone.” That evening, Chalamet shut down rumors sparked at the Golden Globes that he and Jenner had drama with Selena Gomez. Fans speculated that Gomez had told Taylor Swift that Jenner blocked her from taking a photo with Chalamet. Chalamet spoke to a TMZ reporter who followed him and asked repeatedly about the drama. Chalamet said that “yeah, of course” he and Gomez were cool. When asked if Jenner and Gomez had any “beef,” he said “no,” adding that the three stars, “we’re all good.” January 17 Us Weekly devotes its cover story to Jenner and Chalamet’s “very serious” relationship of nearly a year. The outlet noted that despite receiving intel that Chalamet was looking at Cartier rings from one source, another insider close to the couple said he was not browsing engagement rings for Jenner. A chatty third insider gave a lot of detail on their relationship, revealing that... Chalamet has met Jenner’s children, 5-year-old Stormi and 23-month-old Aire casually: “Timothée has met them in group situations where there were other family members or friends around. It hasn’t been anything where it’s just Kylie, Timothée, and the kids in an intimate setting. And she introduced him as one of Mommy’s friends. Kylie feels like it’s [still] too soon to let them know anything about their relationship.” The couple is works great together: “They have a ton of mutual friends, and they like the same music. They also have a similar sense of humor. Timothée’s always making Kylie laugh, and she can’t stop smiling when she’s with him. Obviously there’s a physical attraction there, but they also connect on a deeper level.” They have good communication when apart: “When they can’t be together, they text every day. They FaceTime and have long, late-night calls when they can. They can spend hours on the phone when they’re not together.” Jenner and her ex Travis Scott don’t talk about her and Chalamet: “When Kylie and Timothée first started dating, Travis made a comment in passing that he doesn’t see it lasting, but he hasn’t mentioned anything since.” March 2024 Jenner briefly addressed fan theories that dating Chalamet changed her style in an interview with The New York Times . “I don’t know how I feel about that,” she responded. “I just don’t want to talk about personal things.” She avoided discussing him otherwise. April 2024 Sources shut down rumors that Jenner is expecting Chalamet’s child to Us Weekly . The insiders said, “Kylie is not pregnant.” One source added that Chalamet and Jenner hadn’t broken up either: “Kylie and Timothée have been keeping in touch while he’s been in [Manhattan] filming and are still together.” May 2024 Chalamet did not appear in the season 5 premiere of The Kardashians , leading fans to wonder if the 28-year-old actor would appear in the show. The episode takes place at Paris Fashion Week, filmed in September and October 2023. Jenner and Chalamet have reportedly been dating since January of that year and yet there was no mention nor any references to him at all. This is despite the fact that the two stars were seen in the city during that period, even attending Rosalia’s 31st birthday together. This is a very different approach to how Kim Kardashian’s relationship with comedian Pete Davidson was treated on the series. He appeared throughout, which has led viewers to think Chalamet might not be mentioned. On May 29, a source told Entertainment Tonight that Chalamet and Jenner are still dating. “Kylie and Timothée are still seeing each other and happy,” the insider shared. “They don’t need to try to make things work and it just comes naturally to them. Their relationship is easy. They make an effort to see each other when they can and stay in touch when they’re not geographically close to one another. They're in constant and fluid communication. They see a long-lasting relationship together.” One source told People that Jenner and Chalamet were seen on a double date at New York City’s Tatiana by Kwame Onwuachi on Thursday, May 23. A second source told the outlet that Jenner and Chalamet “are very low-key when it comes to their relationship and like to keep it that way.” Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Celebrity Relationship Timelines 2022 Who Is Jason Momoa’s Girlfriend, Adria Arjona? Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck’s Love Timeline A Timeline of Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn’s Romance A Timeline of Taylor and Travis’ Whirlwind Romance Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Who Is Abby Elliott’s Husband, Bill Kennedy? Complete Timeline of Austin Butler and Kaia Gerber Who Is Henry Cavill’s Girlfriend, Natalie Viscuso? All About Hilary Duff's Husband All About Daniel Radcliffe’s Longtime Girlfriend Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco’s Timeline A Timeline of Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter Meet Jake Bongiovi, Millie Bobby Brown’s Husband Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
